In the to the presidential New City was hardly Trump territory. And every time put another display of Trump campaign signs up on the lawn of his sizable white house on Road in last they were stolen or knocked actions that would later set off a series of events as unpredictable as the election itself. Infuriated by the as well as an obscenity about J. Trump that had been on the public mailbox in front of his installed a security camera. It captured a grainy image of a 59 and a real estate then printed fliers bearing the image and a reward offer for information leading to the arrest of the sign thief. He hired some local teenagers to post the signs around the neighborhood with tape. When the tape ran he the teenagers used a stapler to post the fliers to trees on the streets. The hubbub made the and the stapling method was mentioned. In the weeks that a team of enforcement officers from the parks department arrived at he and issued him 22 summonses with fines totaling and citing unauthorized posting and tree to 11 trees. To his real transgression was supporting a which he claims annoyed Democratic city officials. call it said who calls himself a a proud gun owner and a fan of and John A supporter of Democratic would never have been cited in this he and said that official parks department signs are often affixed to trees with similar staples. in New City like he said. wanted to teach me a lesson about being and about who I believe in. So they found something to hang their hat said he paid the summonses because want the of fighting nor the expense of hiring a lawyer. Instead of backing he splurged on a larger Trump banner to hang in front of his and he called the prominent civil rights lawyer to see if he had any grounds to sue the city for damages claiming political bias. In an said that he thought the summons was wild by the but that a suit by claiming enforcement based on his Trump leanings would be difficult case to A parks department spokesman dismissed the claim that the summonses were political and called them a routine penalty for damage to the trees. fine had nothing to do with the content of the signs posted and everything to do with the fact that staples can damage and even kill the said in a statement. He added that the fine was determined by the administrative court and based on the amount of damage or the cost but rather on the rule The order to cite set off something of a parallel episode within the parks department. An enforcement supervisor ordered a sergeant to write the 22 tickets. But the arguing that it was improper to write summonses weeks after the signs had been with no witnesses to the violations. were bogus said Sergeant a veteran with 29 years on the job. might as well hit every dog owner who puts up a He said he also consulted a superior he told out of it too A rookie officer wound up writing the said Sergeant who has had previous with the agency as an outspoken member of his Local 983 of 37. The characterized department officials as using the officers as for their political in this case. Sergeant said he was included in an email conversation about possibly forcing to pay in damage for the staple a proposition that an agency lawyer replied to in the email chain. As for victory is a bit of revenge. Last he bought and hung a larger banner. Told You the banner reads. Trump Trump

An email I received from a reader some time ago has begun to haunt me. The sister was dying of cancer. she asked would I respond to the word in the context of a cancer My correspondent did not gloss over the miseries of her terminal state. She outlined a series of horrific tests that led doctors to withhold food. She described infections and the caused by edema. But then she testified to her uncanny ability brighten any with her smiles. Had I received this query while I was undergoing my first it would have triggered irritation bordering on apoplexy. Why should a cancer patient be expected to lift her own spirits or anyone it hard enough dealing with such dire circumstances without having to become a booster for oneself and for One scholar of cancer decries tyranny of that gets too many patients making us feel guilty about expressing understandable anguish. During the intervening I have interacted with friends as they confronted an irreversible condition and have witnessed a kind of grace that I found inspiring. While coping with these people contested it and sometimes the medical protocols upon which they had to rely. Yet when bodily functions shut few of them dug in and battled a condition pronounced terminal. their sense of seemed to be founded on acceptance of their impending mortality. What might have contributed to their patent and patient And given my own impatience with circumstances beyond my could I possibly tap such Catholic and Protestant authorities agree on the mysterious nature of which they see as a free and undeserved or gratuitous not a reward. A disposition that works to perfect the grace cannot be known or acquired through beliefs or deeds. In the the word for appears in the benediction the Lord be gracious to though the word for is used more frequently to denote an unmerited gift. For believers who seek this benefit from as for nonbelievers who seek it grace remains a highly elusive but highly desirable especially in troubled times. People with cancer explore all the activities that people without cancer use to make themselves receptive to a sense of beneficence or loving religious private breathing and body verse or mantra making or looking at listening to or making walking in communing with and alcohol or marijuana. Those engaged daily in one or more of these practices testify to their efficacy. A zillion books offer instructions some of but the trick must consist in finding own eccentric way. My correspondent had glimpsed grace in her smiles. also found it in an obituary that a Beth had composed for herself while she was dying of and she included a link to it. The eerie opening died prefaces a description of Ms. life and then her conclusion that the end grace and love not It reminded me of the first I had read. After a recurrence of the author and editor Lotter posted an essay in which she recalled the high points of her education and career because she wanted to be about having a full rather than about having to She closed with thanks for her family and ended with happy to have been Might the introspection and retrospection of writing serve as one source of grace that transforms it from a gift received to a gift After my friend Pep died of metastatic colon his in the local paper brought tears to my eyes. It was as if I heard his voice from beyond the grave. The act of composition must have composed providing an opportunity to reflect on his to express appreciation of his family and and to make peace with the posthumous presence he would become. In common the word means ease of a style that charms those who observe it. A scholar of many Pep would have known that it derives from the which mean pleasing or and that it gave rise to the and the By virtue of his gracious Pep bestowed a gift of grace on his family and friends. I cannot imagine attaining a durable state of grace throughout the ordeals that will surely arrive in the future. I consider practicing a series of brief grace notes. The musical notation of these short notes is printed in smaller type to indicate an ornament and with a slur mark linking them to the note they a fleeting sound before a longer lasting duration that immediately follows. To they look like a tiny bounce or skip forward. There must be as many ways to play grace notes as there are people in the world. What might they I In this I give thanks for the time that remains. To resist animosity and I want to devote it to becoming proficient at all sorts of grace notes before the chords of closure resound into silence.

In his early years as a M. was once asked about the most effective way to fight organized crime. At the had made a name for himself as a United States attorney by indicting more than 100 Mafia figures. raised a novel strategy. we ought to declare a moratorium on the prosecution of organized crime for five to 10 he told Victor S. for a New Times Magazine article in 1970. let them become so rich that they will give up their predatory instincts and be much more concerned about getting their children into law medical school and so and have lost their He never did declare that moratorium. His years of doing battle with crime in all forms were just beginning. now 97 and still working five days a was the district attorney for from 1975 until he retired at age 90 in during which time crime in New was completely and the city with it. There were 648 murders in the year he took office. When he there were 58. It was the kind of transformation no one at the time could have imagined. robberies and property crimes similarly fell sharply. parks and whole neighborhoods were reinvented. People who were dedicated to killing one another found other ways to settle their disputes. On a recent lunch hour in his office at the firm was at a loss to explain just how it had all happened. theory was prompt and certain prosecution and he said. you commit a the chances of you being arrested were pretty good. And be prosecuted promptly. I believe in long sentences. Crime came down all but it came down much more in than any other place in the city or state. We went from being the No. 1 borough for murders to No. 4. I never claimed credit for the drop in because I thought if crime goes back up they can blame me. So I never stuck my neck His office in Midtown where he has worked since faintly echoed the clutter of his former with stacks of papers covering the desk and and no computer in sight. The lunch was sandwiches and salads. He recalled a night from his first months on the when he sat in a surveillance van on the Lower East Side of and watched dealers sell drugs as a uniformed patrolman stood idly by. were getting away with he said. the Police Department really looking at any murders north of 96th Street. That was where it was walled off. A severed head was found on Avenue in the Nobody was investigating to see who it was or what happened. It news. It The numbers from his tenure are staggering. a oversaw by his count 3.5 million and he won nine elections and served under five He hired assistant district M. John F. R. More than 80 of his prosecutors went on to be judges better or said. He brought cases against international drug money the murderer of John the Chambers and the son who swindled millions from He was in a cardigan with a gruff mouth and sometimes mismatched socks. His prosecutors won hundreds of millions in settlements and judgments against including L. the former chief executive of International whose luxuries included a shower they also wrongfully prosecuted five young and men for the rape and beating of a jogger in Central Park. was remarkably said president of John Jay College of Criminal who was also a mayoral adviser and deputy commissioner of legal matters for the Police Department during parts of tenure. had a reputation for making tough calls and putting his name and reputation on the In most elections he ran uncontested. became the model for the first district attorney on played by who the real district attorney thought was pretty good. was mad at said. he came down to see and I had lunch with him. And I told if you ever decide to let me know in advance. the report was he was getting an episode. I was he resigned without telling When in left he told reporters he did not know what he would do but he was not ready to hang it up. got an email from my older brother who said this is a bad time to be looking for a he said. Morris was born in into a family that rose to great public influence through public service. His grandfather Henry was President ambassador to where he unsuccessfully urged the United States to intervene in the slaughter of his Henry was Treasury secretary under his friend President Franklin D. and persuaded the reluctant administration to intercede belatedly in the slaughter of the second of three grew up on the Upper West Side of and in upstate New among the and the used to cook for he volunteering a story he has told before. have some pictures of me cooking hot dogs for the queen. But the most exciting thing for me was when brought down to our farm in My my came into Navy Yard and I got a weekend pass and I came home. I made them mint His father and the president planned to open a restaurant together if political career went said. for some reason has never got any he said. was going to be the and my father was going to be the chief chef. They actually bought the For the young his public service career began with World War where he served on a destroyer that was sunk by torpedo then on another that spent almost two months under constant aerial attack. Those more than his relationship with the shaped his said who is writing a family biography of the The future district attorney spent much of the and coping with undiagnosed until President John F. tapped him to be a United States attorney in 1961. In his Midtown said only that his brushes with death in the war drove him to something useful with the rest of my As a United States built a reputation first for taking on the Mafia and and later for not leaving the job when a Republican M. took office and wanted him gone. Instead he pursuing cases that involved campaign donors and telling reporters that if the president had asked him to stay he would have resigned immediately. When he took over the district there were fewer than 300 many without desk and crime was beginning a historic climb. he directed his resources toward violent which dominated the public mind. he reorganized the department so the same prosecutor took on a case from arraignment to cutting the time for felony cases to 18 weeks from 32 weeks. He started a Career Criminal Program to go after the repeat offenders who commit a disproportionate share of and added the first sex crimes a unit for gun crimes and a branch office in then a hotbed of crime. buzzwords that occur to me are ethics and said M. president of the Citizens Crime Commission and a former prosecutor under from Day 1 you understood that there were and you cross them. And independence. He was willing to yield power. He never overruled anything I If there were mistakes along the like the wrongful 1990 prosecution of five young men on charges of raping and brutalizing a jogger in Central now had little interest in revisiting them. a matter of policy I look he said. I wish done though there were some things I should have done but I mean I think I did everything I just try to close that Of the Central Park which were vacated after 12 years when a serial rapist followed by an eventual settlement of million to the five would say only that his office had erred but corrected the mistake when the new evidence emerged. I feel he said. I felt badly. We had screwed up. But there were confessions. had complete confidence in he referring to the prosecutor who supervised the case. out to be misplaced. But we rectified Ms. who now writes crime novels and conducts training sessions with the district has defended the prosecution and investigation as sound. culpa does not satisfy critics like L. a defense lawyer who often went up against his including in the appeal of one of the Central Park Five. tenure almost precisely tracked the era of mass said. was the dean and he could have used his moral authority to change that and he was silent. He was an active contributor to mass said that on the he avoided seeking long sentences for offenders and that he instructed his staff not to prosecute people arrested on marijuana charges. But he defended the strategy of prosecuting offenders like because killers or rapists tended to commit lesser crimes as well. And as violent crime fell in the late with the end of the crack cocaine shifted the resources to securities and other often entering turf battles with federal prosecutors. In his last five his office recovered more than billion from settlements and forfeitures. Though he was accused of losing focus on neighborhood he had pursued those difficult cases a kid on the street can stick up a but he put his money he all these people driving around in fancy and you had to show them that justice was for His successes earned him enemies and occasional threats. was pretty fatalistic about he said. worry about the professional because I figured they knew what they were doing and been through the system. What I worried about was the said he got the most threatening letters when his office prosecuted the New Giants wide receiver who in 2008 accidentally shot himself at a and later pleaded guilty to gun charges. he the risk they were In his current has been lobbying to ease immigration laws and improve mental health care for military and helping the death penalty appeal in of who was convicted in 1988 on testimony from witnesses who later proved unreliable. still reports to work God he said. He gets on the treadmill most days and wears a heart monitor. The stacks of paper in the office rise familiarly around his Van has been with him since he became district attorney. When his cellphone rang during the lunch the voice on the other end was loud enough to carry across the table his a former reporter for The New Times and the author of and answering the call. just calling to say I love the voice blared. he told her. appreciate As codas to a highly effectual public his current projects seem almost especially his push for looser immigration which is unlikely to succeed in a Trump administration. standpoint payback he referring to the good fortune his family has starting with his immigrant grandfather. like what and I think what doing is important. I may be kidding He admitted that none of his projects were going well. And like everyone else in New he is trying to make sense of a changing one in whose changes he played a part. The streets are but monstrosities have gone and the prices are out of with money flaunt it the way they do he continued. just think the huge no communication between them and the street. no sense of community. You feel it. I think He remembered his childhood at 35 West 81st sandwiched between the Avenue elevated train and the Eighth Avenue streetcar. pride ourselves on how modern we but we had better local transportation than we do he said. fact that there was an el there kept the property values down. But as a child it was an attraction. You wake up at 2 in the morning and hear a train rumbling by and you felt secure in an odd It was as close as he came to pining for a bygone and as quickly as the sentiment rose it was gone again. After more than half a century as a knows you lose some then gather yourself to fight another day. Because if you that would be the time to start worrying. And unlike his he simply go into reruns. Not anyway.

After months of wrangling with reporters and in court over the disclosure of the administration of Mayor Bill on released a third batch of its correspondence with outside advisers that it has designated as of the The released in response to a Freedom of Information Law totaled more than 1,550 pages and date to the first days of in early through 2015. They reveal a City Hall in regular contact with public relations firms over the minutia of press whether to remove a fence to make a better backdrop for an event in a lengthy discussion of how to discredit rival cities in a bid to host the Democratic National Convention in whether to solicit a politician to speak with a reporter. little worried that he will unintentionally go off a principal at the public relations firm said in a 2014 email of the Democratic speaker of the New State Assembly at the time. is somewhat constitutionally unable not to screw up that kind of But not except in brief is the voice of a Democrat. His often marked simply as are largely redacted. are some from his closest outside advisers who city lawyers have said are city a group that includes Bill and of Hilltop Public a political consulting John a at Message and and the United States ambassador to South and a longtime friend of The city in court and in its response to Freedom of Information that the designation also applies to dozens of others who work for their firms. bulk of the emails released on were connected to Correspondence is at the heart of a fight between reporters and the which maintains that the emails with outside advisers are in effect the same as those within a city and are therefore exempt from public disclosure under the Freedom of Information Law. A court case begun by The New Post and seeking to unveil those emails is pending. Government watchdog groups have raised concerns that the advisers act as a and present concerns about conflicts of interest because they also represent companies that do business with the city. The release on was the third disclosure by City Hall in connection with the previous releases have contained emails to city officials from the advisers on behalf of their clients. carefully all of the documents and have expanded our disclosure to make sure that we missed F. the press said in an email. said that the redactions were determined by the Law Department and covered only those portions of the emails containing private like cellphone numbers or email or deliberative a category that includes on news articles. While the emails do not provide new information related to the state and federal investigations into they shed light on the details of assembling favorable commentary from those who are aligned with the causes or have donated money to him. One email contained a list of hundreds of official people who could be counted on for a good quote. who I am shooting a for the wrote on 2014 about providing a list of prominent real estate and business leaders. The list included donors and for whom the mayor was going to contact in connection with the his universal prekindergarten program. The email went to the first deputy E. two top and we take this off official thread one of the Peter replied. said that had been acting cautiously but that the conversation was appropriate for government and declined to comment on the emails. Other advisers could not immediately be reached for comment on night.

He is friends with the mayor and once tried to buy an insurance company. His names are emblazoned across a hospital a tribute to generous donors. But to many and is a mystery. the of J. Trump and a business mogul in his own has emerged as a potentially important figure in the future of this troubled region. Trump said this week that could play a if role in efforts to bring peace to the Middle East. Few of the and who have been immersed for years in the fitful and frustrating peace such as it could recall ever meeting and many were hurrying to learn more. But then time spent at the peace table has not exactly yielded and some of those who do know said his freshness and close ties to the incoming president could make him a valuable new player. especially those close to Prime Minister were most seeing as an ally. no question that he feels a strong commitment to security and said the ambassador to the United who has forged a close relationship with leaders were more wary. personally know and have never met but welcome the idea of having him assist in breaking the deadlock in the negotiations of the said secretary general of the revolutionary council of the party that controls the Authority. The extent of relationship with is unclear. He is not a frequent visitor in the corridors of fancy hotels or the trendy restaurants of Tel nor has he established deep ties with booming business sector. He has known casually since childhood through his a real estate tycoon who has been active in business and philanthropy in And he is friends with the mayor of But they get together mainly in New not here. In an interview with The New Times this Trump pointed to as an influential player in future Middle East peace efforts. he knows it so Trump said. knows the knows the knows the But that seems to be a bit of fatherly exaggeration. knows the region and players better than who has little experience here. But phone calls and emails to dozens of diplomats and journalists in and the territories yielded few who had actually encountered him. never met said a longtime adviser to who recently stepped down as director general of the Foreign Ministry. Neither had a former ambassador to the United a former national security adviser to or president of the People Policy a group that researches relations. Nor had the main opposition leaders and has been intermediary with a variety of important and including and wealthy donors like the casino magnate. He brokered a meeting between Trump and in and sat in on it. follows the issue. a strategic said Martin the former owner and editor in chief of The New who met at University and now splits his time between and the United States. he know Does he know more than Probably not. Does he know more than Probably naming two longtime negotiators. But certainly knows more about the area than and more than John The grandson of Holocaust was raised in an Orthodox household in New Jersey and graduated from a day school before attending He observes the and his wife daughter converted to before their marriage. transition team would not say how often visited or whether he had any connections. But an aide to the emphasized that would be just one of many advisers on the Middle East. who took over his real estate empire in his and bought The New visited in 2014 when he was trying to acquire a controlling stake in Phoenix an insurer. He signed a memorandum of understanding to buy 47 percent of the firm from the an for about million. But the deal fell partly because of regulatory requirements. was in during the war with that which seemed to unnerve his wife. have small and like the idea of me being he told the newspaper an who listens to the news every and hearing about 90 missiles hitting on a daily she asked the hell are you Later that as the Phoenix deal was his parents traveled to to dedicate a new campus for the Medical Center opposite Mount named the and Campus. The committed million to the hospital and served on the national board of an committee supporting has been a participant in the an real estate investment for more than a decade. family has been involved very much in all sorts of activities with regard to said a former ambassador to the United States and one of the founders of the fund. His a real estate developer and friend of the elder said he had tried to involve in as well. brought and to he said. invited them and they it seems possible that will be a more regular gathering information and perhaps more for his To those who have talked with there is little doubt that is a powerful voice on issues involving the foreign editor for a newspaper owned by recalled interviewing Trump in first thing he mentioned was he spoke of him as someone he counts Bismuth said. told me then that knows follows going on instead of just following may have a chance to lead.

As he prepared to board a flight in for his home in on a leading manager of distance said it was one of the happiest days of his life. On prosecutors dropped charges against that had accused him of abetting the doping of of once the top female marathon who has been barred from competition for four years for using the prohibited blood booster known as very all the nightmares are finally said. He had been arrested and jailed briefly in accused in the most prominent case of doping involving a marathon runner. is a winner of the Marathon and a winner in In the Court of Arbitration for Sport extended ban to four years from two. The based in ruled that had engaged in and obstructive during the legal proceedings. The court also said that had received at least one injection of from an unnamed doctor in in 2014 and that she the visits to the doctor in question from her manager and Some 40 athletes have tested positive for banned substances in recent which has cast a shadow over the East dominance in distance running. denied any involvement in doping. On as his trial was to the charges were though the reasons were not fully explained publicly. According to news the accusations could be reinstated after further investigation. was no no evidence adding that had never accused him of assisting her with banned substances. said in a statement to client should not have been charged in the first place. The state did not have an iota of evidence against my and his a prominent coach and cardiologist from have long helped develop distance running with training camps in Runners they have coached or managed through the years include a former holder in the the 2008 marathon the winner of the 2015 New City and who won the gold medal in the marathon at the The withdrawal of charges against extremely important to us in order to once that we are said in an email.

lead in the popular vote is growing. She is roughly 30,000 votes behind J. Trump in the key swing states of and a combined gap that is narrowing. Her impassioned supporters are now urging her to challenge the results in those two states and grasping at the last straws to reverse decisive majority in the Electoral College. In recent they have seized on a report by a respected computer scientist and other experts suggesting that and the keys to Electoral College need to manually review paper ballots to assure the election was not hacked. this deviations from polls the results of a J. a computer science professor at the University of who has studied the vulnerabilities of election systems at wrote on Medium on as the calls based on his conclusions mounted. More he polls were But the only way to resolve the lingering questions would be to examine ballots and voting equipment in critical he wrote. the pleas for recounts have gained no support from the which has along with outside that it is highly unlikely the outcome would change even after an expensive and review of ballots. But that has not quieted who see the inequity of her growing lead in the national popular which is now more than two million or 1.5 percent of all ballots according to the nonpartisan Cook Political which regularly updates its count as states continue to tally and to certify votes. Since there is currently no effort to review the paper ballots which exist in and but only in parts of conspiracy theories about the 2016 election may live on for years. After United States intelligence agencies accused of trying to influence the election by stealing and publishing emails from the Democratic National Committee and a range of other institutions and prominent the United States went on high alert to determine if there was any attempt to sabotage the vote count. So no one in the administration has indicated that there is any such evidence. In the three battleground is behind by 1.2 percent or and the final results have not yet been certified. Uniting around the social media the has picked up momentum among activists still mourning victory and who his complaint that the vote was on the information of the intelligence community that was actively trying to screw around with our I thought why not take the time and question said an engineer in who on planned to petition her county election board for a recount of the 8 vote. That view spread quickly on social media on evening when New magazine published an article about Professor and others who had contacted the remnants of the campaign. It also generated by experts who said that even though it was theoretically possible to hack voting it would be enormously difficult because it would have to be highly targeted in key precincts and conducted on a scale required to assure victory. conspiracy theories of vote are of the Cook Political Report said on Twitter. Time may have already run out. allows individual voters to petition for a but the deadline was said a spokeswoman for the Department of State. A candidate can also contest an election in and the deadline is and have not reached their deadlines for seeking a but they will in days. So has not requested any said a spokesman for the Elections Commission. Until the publication of Professor supporters had few reasons to hope. He did not offer them He noted that while the voting machines used in those states are not connected to the during the they are programmed before the election. The data is usually transferred on a stick or other data card. attackers can modify that software by infecting the machines with they can cause the machines to give any answer Professor wrote. The as a security expert who has written often on the noted in an is that the usual triggers for a recount a very close margin between two candidates make little sense in a world of computer hackings. A truly sophisticated hacking would result in a wider margin of victory that would not set off an automatic recount. would have to triumph in all three states to win the Electoral College. The electors will meet in to formally choose the president. And Trump is ahead by 290 votes to with still officially uncalled. As of lead in had shrunk to 10,704 or 0.2 according to the National Popular Vote Tracker maintained by the Cook Political Report. lead in has narrowed to 22,525 or 0.8 percent. In his lead slightly grew on to or 1.2 percent. The campaign did not respond to requests for comment. Other Democrats said it was time to move on. not sure possible to undo the and all the people are focusing their energy on opposing the worst ideas of this administration at this not the legitimacy of the said an organizer for Keystone a liberal group in Those pushing for a recount say they are trying to pick up the fight for a tired and demoralized candidate and her staff. Democratic Party and the campaign are and really and they may not have the said Ms. who briefly volunteered for the campaign. On social supporters pleaded with the campaign to act. call for wrote on appealing to and her running Senator of are all working so hard for make the the nation is depending on By poring over local election results the Audit the Vote crowd uncovered what appeared to be anomalies in the counting. of National for noticed that reported that 31,838 ballots were cast but the total votes for presidential candidates numbered 34,323. Such glitches are not election experts said. They are usually ironed out in the process of certifying results. Although those certifications might change the results by several hundred or several thousand they are highly unlikely to move tens of thousands. To shift the Electoral would not only have to reverse her current deficits in and but also in which experts say is highly unlikely. There is widespread confusion on social media about how recounts are generated. A flood of Twitter users have urged supporters to call the United States Department of even though it is states that certify election results. Ms. was furiously trying to organize voters around the states to file petitions demanding a recount this week. like this fever approach happening in the last few of said on describing her efforts to reach out to voters across the state using social media. But Ms. the State Department said the deadline for such petitions had come and gone. staff is not aware of any petitions for recounts in the presidential she said.

On a blustery afternoon this past the a gathering place at Community arguably the most ethnically diverse college in the most ethnically diverse quarter of the world western Queens seemed especially worn. There was little light streaming in from the windows that overlook a small interior the only suggestion of greenery amid a drab array of and an offering of concession foods that did not put you in mind of ministrations in the dining halls at I had come to the reaction of students to the election of J. Trump as around the many elite colleges were in a state of mourning and protest. At flags were destroyed. At on the night of the students flooded College Walk to cry and scream. The Lee C. himself denounced Trump at an awards dinner several days saying that the falsehoods disseminated during the campaign make seem and Students at urban community colleges around the though largely poor and many of them immigrants were potentially those with the most to lose under a Trump administration. Were they equally Or was the expression of outrage with its petitions and meetings and hours spent lingering over coffee and vodka and plans to overcome itself a luxury their lives could not On the morning after the O. and assuming her students needed went to the Atrium to hear them out. She found herself surprised by the range of response. of us have experienced this as a uniform and they Ms. Mellow told me. Some students welcomed they others were still others felt that the world was really no different from the way it had been 24 hours earlier with its would go on. Later the same one of Ms. administrative had been scheduled to lead a meeting of the a group of the most diligent students. She assumed that the evening would be given over to their feelings about the but the subject hardly came up. the students wanted to talk about their coming job their how to shake hands with potential how to find work as radiology technicians. None were none saw the current moment as the harbinger of end times. Of approximately 50,000 students more than 150 more than come from households that make less than a year. History is sure to regard the recent election as so monumental not for what it exposed about the dangers of estimation polling predictions that but for what it revealed about the perils of certainty. Members of the liberal ruling order were sure they knew what the poor and working class thought and felt. Talking to some of one is reminded of how much more easily the narrative of is adopted by people who have come here from somewhere compelled by their aspirations and not yet immunized against the mythologies. was registering students to be peer advisers when I met him recently. He was about to graduate from after two years and move on to a college statistically a major feat and he felt no instinct to personalize the election. affect said. affect my success or failure. Trump here in this he in my echoed the saying that she would not let the election dictate her life and that no matter how Trump might she would not let the fact of his presidency how I carry Not far away was who has been in the country five years and came from He said he found the notion of with the roads it closed off and the general flow of urban productivity it Within the broad population of college another fault line the election seems to make clear is the difference in the way that unsettling news is processed among the coddled and the persevering. a student from transferred this year to from to study engineering. She came back to visit before the Thanksgiving holiday. Ms. was not a Trump but she was she told by the paralysis that overtook the campus in the days following the election. Half of the students in her classes show she and to those who professors for long chunks of of the political environment. Ms. was also besieged by emails from administrators making sure students who were upset could get the help they and she found it all a bit too much. When she arrived back at the mood was just the opposite. she are busy with their five And many come from countries she counted herself among them where it is the rather than the to have leaders you like. left my country because I have she told me. came here to get a If becomes a terrible place to she will leave. I become a good she country will want

President legacy looked on not long to include a major push against deeply entrenched housing segregation. In his administration rolled out a rule requiring local communities to assess their own patterns of racial and income segregation and make genuine plans to address them. The move followed years of debate and came as segregated cities like and faced renewed bouts of racial unrest. The federal advocates was finally trying to repair a promise of the 1968 Fair Housing Act. Now that rule is likely to be undermined and possibly erased by a Department of Housing and Urban Development headed by On J. Trump officially offered the cabinet post to a neurosurgeon and a former presidential who grew up poor in but has no experience in housing policy. While we know little about what would do at the he has played down the role of government in his own story. you his mother taught according to his autobiography have only yourself to And he has specifically criticized the housing rule. Known as furthering fair the rule has been politically contentious. Its backers argue that it is essential to remedying the long history of government and discrimination that has resulted in segregated neighborhoods persisting to this day. Critics say that the rule amounts to government overreach into the decisions and demographic makeup of individual communities and a free housing market. Republicans in Congress have tried to its implementation. wrote last year that the new policy followed the history of failed and would redirect housing primarily into white communities that oppose it. If he is confirmed by would have wide latitude to shape or slow the of the along with broader enforcement of the Fair Housing Act. the president of the National Low Income Housing said interpretation of the rule as a social experiment a fundamental misunderstanding of obligations that have been around since The Fair Housing Act passed that year included two one banning discrimination in the housing and the other requiring local communities to the goal of integration. The latter language means that not enough to punish landlords or communities who intentionally deny minorities housing. Communities also have a responsibility to actively ensure open housing which exist today neither in public housing clusters on segregated South Side nor in exclusive New City suburbs that use zoning laws to outlaw multifamily housing. and Jack past Republican acknowledged that second implication of the law. But for much of the time since the Fair Housing Act was this mandate has been largely ignored by both local communities and itself. The administration rules were an effort to address that oversight. And some advocates have spent just as long fighting for it. recently told Fox News that cannot have a strong nation if we have weak inner is the very insight that motivated Senator another Republican to include a provision in the 1968 Fair Housing Act requiring counties and states to further fair as a condition of receiving federal a lawyer with the law firm wrote in an email. The administration rule nothing like the partisan caricatures that have sprung up around said of the Poverty and Race Research Action Council. Many advocates wanted the rule to be much tougher than what emerged from several years of debate with local communities. In the rule provides those communities with detailed data on factors like racial poverty school quality and housing voucher use to help them determine whether and minority families are isolated from good schools or segregated from opportunity. The rule requires communities to use that information to draft plans to reduce segregation where it exists. Those that habitually defy the requirements risk lose funding from the agency. The first round of communities scheduled to complete the process have been at work on assessments due over the coming year. Before a new administration hostile to the idea could begin writing another rule that would reverse this or it could simply halt implementation. Or Congress could pass a law even as it remains on the books. For all the years that went into shaping the a new administration could relatively easily set it aside. That would also fundamentally change the conversation in about how segregated communities came to exist in their current incarnation. and other critics call efforts to dismantle them but these places were created through policies that can themselves be labeled social redlining that denied blacks policies that concentrated public housing in minority government decisions to locate highways that isolated them further. While many of these policies were first put into place decades communities remain shaped by them today. The mandate was based on the idea that this history of active government intervention requires an active government too. A theme of campaign was that structural forces hinder workers in the Rust Belt and beyond the decline of the lack of educational the opioid At would have ample opportunity to show whether he believes that structural forces undermine poor urban minorities historic troubled and if government should take an active role in pursuing a remedy.

If in the retail business in the United you probably really care about these two and Black But more and these two big drivers of the industry mix inside stores a dynamic that is reshaping one of the biggest shopping days. Young people of all a coveted group for retailers because of their are increasingly turning to their computers and phones to do their holiday spreading out more widely the days they open their wallets. Crowds on the unofficial kickoff of the holiday shopping will tilt older than a few years and it more cautious with their money. As a the mix of retailers with high expectations for the day is changing skewing more toward dollar stores and discount retailers and toward essential products like food and cookware. And it is also making the day itself less and less important for the industry over all. big as the event or the weekend has substantially muted for the fact that all of the people are buying said Mark A. director of retail studies at Business School. A decade the day after Thanksgiving accounted for 6 percent of all shopping for the holiday according to the president of Customer Growth a research firm. This he expects shoppers to spend billion on Black but that will account for only 4.3 percent of the spending this season. Over people are expected to spend billion this holiday up from billion last the company estimates. But for the first more than half that growth will come from said. At the same there is a distinct division in who is shopping More than half of baby surveyed said they would do none of their holiday shopping according to a study by a market research company. Nearly 40 percent of those age 18 to 34 the group known as will do most or all of their shopping on the and another 35 percent said they would shop both and That shift to shopping has put more pressure on stores to offer deals good enough to bring people out into the cold. Less than a quarter of plan to shop in stores on Black down from 28 percent two years according to a survey by a website that tracks savings products. headphones and as are expected to be a big draw at stores like and Target. Department stores that offer big like will remain a top destination during the too. website is blanketed with its Black with ads for everything from coats to Apple watches to blenders. Starts declares a big banner at the top. But discount and dollar which generally been big draws on Black are also expecting strong sales. Over dollar stores will experience one of the biggest rises in turnout this year over last according to a survey of more than 2,000 adults by the data company the of the website which monitors the annual said he had seen more of a push from stores this year. He pointed to the discount chain Dollar General as an The company has extended its and said the chain had made more of an effort to get its Black circulars and in front of customers. you think about Black you think about Dollar you think about and Target and said. trying a little bit Discounters like dollar stores and stores like T. J. and also are different in another way from rival They have little to no presence. That has made them somewhat immune to certain industry and could give them greater incentive to entice people into stores. think has allowed for Black to start whenever Amazon wants it to said an analyst with For the last few Amazon has offered Prime its own annual shopping bonanza. exist for T. J. and Another trend working in favor of discount and dollar stores is the rising popularity of food and kitchen like mixers and as holiday gifts. in part because of new fads like and you guessed friends rather than family get together for a holiday meal. a food is going to be more central to the holidays than ever said vice president for consumer insights at in an email. for said it would offer some specials on kitchen appliances for under as well as deals on nonstick cooking sets and griddles. For the foodies interested in opening their wallets a little there are also plenty of pricier both and in the Harry the maker of gift is offering Black deals on its arrangements of cheeses and fruits. notoriously opulent holiday offerings included collard greens for before they sold out. you missed also Cheesy Potatoes for plus More stores at the higher end of the income spectrum like and for instance have continued to more quietly promote their Black sales. think the consumer is still looking for the best but I think the consumers are looking for the best products and the best said the founder and chief executive of a consumer and retailing consulting firm. think been a consistent theme for many she these stores necessarily want to participate in the

The day started early. Four of us from the bureau were part of a team set to interview J. Trump over lunch at The New Times headquarters in Our first Get to New Our plan was Take 8 the high speed train from to New and walk eight blocks up 8th Avenue to the Times building. The train was scheduled to arrive shortly before 11 well ahead of the 1 start to the luncheon interview. We planned to on the train about potential questions and for and could write on our laptops if other news broke that morning. Then Trump tweeted at A flurry of emails ensued. Is this fake It matters for what outfit I wrote a fellow White House correspondent. least he had the good manners to do it before we got on the wrote Mark another member of our White House team. there was a decision. We would all cancel our train tickets and regroup at the two blocks from the White House. proved to be a fateful says meeting definitely the bureau emailed. and I got to the bureau early and turned our attention to a morning television appearance by one of senior advisers suggesting that the no longer wanted to pursue charges against a change from his heated rhetoric during the campaign. Mark and worked from shifting to what passes for a traditional workday in the period. And at came an email from our executive still The had apparently contacted office and convinced him to reconsider. Trump later tweeted meeting with the is back What followed was a logistical How could we get from to New in time to meet with I logged onto the Airlines website to no the site book a flight with less than an hour before departure. Mark had similar trouble. had better She called our travel service and got a seat on a and was soon in a cab to National Airport. and I jumped into a cab at as the intrepid called the travel service to book us tickets on the 10 which was scheduled to get into New at A cab ride and with minutes to we boarded the train. made her flight thanks to a delay at the airport. who lives further out in got stuck in Our plans for polishing our interview approach fell by the wayside. and I prioritized 10 questions and emailed them to and to our New White House who managed to print them out just before the interview started. The pulled into Station a few minutes arriving at We bounded up the across the plaza to Eighth Avenue and 33rd Street and started jogging. By the time we reached 36th a cab pulled up to let someone off. and I jumped hoping that it might be faster. It At 39th as the interview with Trump we handed over another jumped out and started running again. At the Times the elevators were crowded and slow. After a maddening ride to the 16th floor a quick screening by the Secret and I entered the about eight minutes late. was having her own delays. After landing on time at La she hopped into a bound for the office. That worked until traffic perhaps made even worse than usual because of motorcade ground to a halt at 37th along with cab. She arrived at the interview a few minutes after and but in time to ask Trump about K. the choice for chief White House strategist. apologize for my delayed she told the After the and and I hunkered down in the boardroom to write. the spread of food beef barley salad with dried but it was quickly cleaned up and taken away. Shortly after stories mostly the three of us packed up and headed for the newsroom to check in. Dean the executive had few small most of which were fairly painless. Editors checked quotes in the story against the interview which was finally completed. ran for the 9 train back to where she needed to catch a flight in the morning. and I booked rooms at a nearby hotel and bought tickets on 9 train. Another eventful transition day done.

J. Trump sat down on with editors and columnists of The New Times for an exclusive interview. Times reporters have annotated portions of the interview. The full transcript is available here. The personal interactions between President and Trump have so far been but not clear that the moment will last. has already indicated that he may weigh in against Trump once the new administration takes especially if the new president attacks legacy achievements. Here is our story on the cordial meeting between Trump and in the Oval Office. Trump is working to reset his mercurial relationship with the media as he looks toward assuming starting with this meeting at what he branded the New during his presidential campaign. But he still nurses intense grievances toward news outlets in general and The Times in particular. Here is more about relationships with the news media and The Times. Trump is hinting that even though federal law does not require him to do anything specific to separate himself from his vast business he is inclined to submit to some sort of voluntary standard of ethics that would avoid conflicts of interest or their appearance. But he leaves open the possibility that there may not be a way to accomplish it. This story has more about business ties. Trump is correct that federal for the most exempts the President from conflict of interest meaning he is allowed to take actions that could benefit his financial holdings. But in modern most presidents have voluntarily put their financial assets into blind trusts. Trump has said he does not intend to take such a instead will turn his companies over to his children. Read this story for more on potential conflicts of interest. The Wall Street Journal editorial among has suggested that the only solution to potential conflicts of interest is to sell off all of his and then have a blind trust reinvest the proceeds. Trump suggests that this is not practical. crowds at rallies frequently targeted chanting her and referring to her as a criminal. In Trump himself encouraged a crowd in telling them starting to agree with as they chanted her In despite remarks the and the Justice which have investigated email server and the conduct criminal inquiries largely independently of the White House. A president attempting to intervene in those kinds of in any would be a major scandal. Here is our full story about reversal on prosecuting Trump has been criticized for not specifically denouncing bigotry and groups that spread bigoted views. His statements about such conduct tend to be including when he says disavow the That nonspecific language has been comforting to leaders of the a white nationalist including B. who led a gathering at a federal building near the White House last weekend that included some audience members offering a salute. Trump here perhaps for the first that being president will perhaps help enrich his family. He also concedes that the arrangement might fairly be called a conflict of interest. Back in when he was still a Trump said definitively that torture was effective. tell me it work torture he told an audience in South you half these Believe it works. So answer on offered a revealing insight into his willingness to shift or rethink a especially after talking with someone he respects. Gen. N. may well be secretary of and his rejection of torture clearly had an effect on the The reality is more complicated. The number of factories and the number of who work in factories both have declined sharply in recent decades. But the manufacturing output is at the highest level in history. The production of like has been replaced by the largely automated production of like circuits. In President signed a landmark law that prohibited the hiring of illegal provided new resources for enforcement along the border and offered legal status to several million illegal immigrants. Experts say the law did little to slow migration to the United but made crossing the border more difficult and dangerous. Premiums for many health plans under the Affordable Care Act are increasing 20 percent to 40 percent or but increases of 100 percent are extremely rare. Deductibles for many plans are but not For a family plan in the maximum including the is comments about his fellow Republicans had a sharp edge and an implicit They owe their congressional majority to and he expects to be treated accordingly. Whether this is and to what will be one of the pivotal stories of the new Trump and crucial to figuring out how much or how little he can get done. He needs Congress to achieve many of the campaign promises he including the deep tax cut and large infrastructure spending not to mention and it is an open question how with his policies Republicans will prove to be. Read these stories for background on relationships with Republican leaders in and the stalwarts who are pondering the future of the conservative movement. Trump suggests here that he may name his as a special envoy to the Middle charged with making peace between the and the Buried in this answer is an assertion by Trump that the federal law does not apply to him as but he also says he would want to avoid the appearance of conflict. Installing as a special envoy could have that essentially giving him an important task that would allow him to be involved in national security deliberations without hiring him outright. This is a role that was often discussed as a potential landing spot for Bill if had won the White House.

is getting back on his feet. who has been called the foremost paragon of the classical style in but has been sidelined for two and half years because of an ankle injury confirmed on that he planned to return to the stage next month in to dance with the Ballet. The return of a principal dancer with Ballet Theater who made dance history in 2011 when became the first to join the has been eagerly awaited by dance lovers. He was injured in 2014 during a remarkable season in which he danced with both Ballet Theater and the at Center. wrote in The New Times then that he represented certain peak of physical who has been working on his rehabilitation in chose to make his ballet comeback there as in a role debut for during the Opera House season. He is scheduled to dance on 19 and 21. His comeback far from his home companies in New and was kept under wraps until a dance critic for The broke the news on her said in an email that he would think about his next steps but that right now he wanted to step quietly here and see what

J. Trump moved swiftly on to diversify his cabinet and try to heal lingering rifts in the Republican reaching out to Gov. R. of South and a prominent Republican both of whom opposed him during the as well as who challenged Trump for the Republican nomination. Ms. who was named ambassador to the United and Ms. who was named education would be the first women in cabinet. whose selection as secretary of housing and urban development is expected to be announced on would be the first But none of these choices suggest a who is reaching beyond reliably conservative precincts to fill his administration. Ms. an who is a rising star in Republican pushed for the removal of the Confederate battle flag from the South State House after the deadly church shooting in in 2015. During the Republican she was a frequent and vocal critic of Trump and supported Senator of Ms. is one of the most avid supporters of school a subject she and Trump discussed last week at his country club in But Ms. also sharply criticized him during the campaign and spent much of the year raising money for other Republicans on the ballot. On Trump rolled out their appointments with unstinting praise. Ms. he said in a was proven deal and we look to be making plenty of Ms. he was a and passionate education For who was spending a quiet day before Thanksgiving at his estate in Palm the appointments ended a breathless sprint since his stunning victory. In a videotaped holiday greeting to the people on he acknowledged the wounds left by a and bruising political His aides said he would resume meeting with potential cabinet members on when they said he would announce the retired neurosurgeon with whom Trump bitterly clashed and lavishly praised during the campaign. Soon Trump is expected to name Gen. N. as defense secretary. But the search for a secretary of state has become less people involved in the transition said. Aides are divided between W. who staunchly backed candidacy but whose business dealings have drawn and Mitt viewed by many as a safe pick but who harshly criticized Trump during the campaign. who has lobbied publicly for the confided to associates that he believed the job was his and told top advisers that it was the only post he was interested according to the people briefed on the discussions. But Trump grew concerned both with the attention has been drawing to himself and the reports about potential business conflicts. Some in the circle voiced concerns about whether would be the subject of a messy confirmation battle. Their attention turned to an unlikely Advisers who favored believed Trump could send a unifying message by holding a perfunctory meeting with a vocal critic like But Trump liked him and was intrigued by the prospect of a emissary of the United States around the world. met with Trump a day urging him to make a decision. has not signaled to Trump directly that he would accept the job if a person close to the transition said. Trump has also been warned by several advisers against choosing because he might pursue his own agenda. The tension has left some on the team looking for a third like Gen. John F. of the the former head of the United States Southern which oversees the military prison at H. the retired Army general who was director of the a particular long former Senator of who could be the lone Democrat in the cabinet after having briefly run for the presidential nomination last year. Choosing who resigned in 2012 in a scandal over his leaking of classified would be somewhat easier after Trump said he would not pursue a case against over her handling of classified emails on a private email one person close to the transition said. The debate over secretary of state is a microcosm of the balance Trump is trying to strike in all of his appointments between loyalists who will appeal to his base and more mainstream many of whom stridently opposed his candidacy. In Ms. Ms. and he is trying to appeal to several of these from ultraconservatives to the diverse society that Republicans have tried to with mixed results. selections could blunt criticism that his early picks came from a homogeneous bloc of white men. If Ms. would step down as governor and be replaced by the lieutenant Henry who was an early supporter of Trump. is a familiar face to after a Republican primary campaign in which he briefly rose to the top of the polls. Neither he nor Ms. is particularly experienced for the posts they have been offered. had even seemed to take himself out of the running for a cabinet position last with his friends putting out word that he had concluded he was not qualified to run a vast federal bureaucracy. Some pointed to Ms. experience as a legislator and trade ambassador for South as credentials for the United Nations post. John D. a former ambassador to the United Nations under President W. Bush who opposed said Ms. was an and very good not an he said. quickly grasp that there are aspects of the United work that can benefit the United Ms. a former finance chairwoman of the Republican National won the support of Senator the Republican who is chairman of the Senate Education Committee. He called her an She favors charter which are publicly funded but typically run independently of local school boards and and school which give students tax dollars to apply toward tuition. Lily president of the National Education the largest criticized the saying that Ms. efforts over the years had more to undermine public education than support has lobbied for failed like vouchers which take away funding and local control from our public schools to fund private schools at she said. schemes do nothing to help our most vulnerable students while they ignore or exacerbate glaring opportunity

For Thanksgiving this many are anticipating mashed pumpkin pie and combat with relatives. Every election provokes some level of stress among but mental health professionals say that the polarization of this presidential race appeared to have amplified the tension. was a very significant for people this said director of research and special projects at the Psychological Association. On we asked readers to tell us whether they expected their Thanksgiving gatherings to provide a stage for potential blowups as relatives congregate for the first time since Election Day. Several people wrote to say they planned to adhere to a rule. Others said they were taking a more extreme approach avoiding Thanksgiving altogether. For those disappointed by the presidential much of the anxiety stemmed from concerns that relatives who supported J. Trump might gloat about his victory. said he heard rumblings that two relatives were planning to wear Trump gear at their Thanksgiving gathering. honestly not looking forward to it at he wrote in an email. Martin a retired engineer in said he and his wife worried that sparks could fly during their gathering of 18 family members. About half are loyal he and half dedicated Trump supporters. If things get out of said he planned to tell his put all that stuff in a shoe box and put it on a shelf. just not get into that Wright said avoiding politics was sometimes the right approach. If the election outcome is weighing heavily on your Thanksgiving can be a time to talk about she said. But if reconnecting with family is most it could be wise to just postpone the political talk for another time. a reader in wrote in with a reminder that Thanksgiving is intended to be a moment to count blessings and connect with family. she we are all mature we should be able to talk The known as the salad bowl of the is struggling with a crisis of poverty and malnutrition among its farmworkers. New largest state workers union said it would strike in over a contract dispute. first lady and the former head of the appeared to take herself out of the running to become education secretary in the Trump administration. Two weeks after Election Proposition 66 was finally called. The intended to speed up death row passed. Also called was Proposition which would have given voters more say over It failed. Associated has big plans for its Hong a billion upgrade. New is said to have created a censorship tool in an effort to get back into China. New A memorial service for a slain deputy in County was filled with laughter and tears. Defying the Raiders are now 8-2 after beating the in City. New Most people know Jack as a prolific writer. Few know him as a photographer. New Our nation is diverse. How does that play out in what we eat at New Still in need of a quick Thanksgiving We asked a chef at Bar in to suggest a dish that takes advantage of the fall season. She offered this one from a book she wrote with Techniques winner of a 2015 Beard Potato and Green Bean Soup This is a soup to make in late or autumn when the days get shorter and the green beans grow big and tough. It is ideal for those which are much better cooked well past the bright green and crisp stage that culinary professionals prize. In this the beans are cooked until they are quite tender and develop a earthy flavor. The butter that floats on the surface of this soup is essential to the texture and flavor. We recommend you use cultured which has a subtle tang. You can make it yourself or buy it. 1 tbsp. filtered oil or good cooking oil 1 sweet white cut into dice 4 garlic minced 3 ML vegetable or poultry broth 12 g russet peeled and cut into dice 1 g green trimmed and cut into pieces 3 ML buttermilk 1 tbsp. plus 2 tsp. kosher salt Freshly ground black pepper 1 ML sour cream 3 tbsp. apple cider vinegar 2 tbsp. melted Chopped fresh parsley for garnish Chopped fresh dill for garnish Chopped fresh chives for garnish Heat a medium saucepan over medium heat until a drop of water flicked on the surface sizzles gently on contact. Add the then immediately add the onion and garlic and stirring until the vegetables are slightly softened but not about 10 minutes. Add the potatoes and green beans and simmer until the potatoes are tender enough to be easily pierced with a about 25 minutes. Remove from the heat. In a combine 2 ML of the broth and vegetables and the buttermilk and until smooth. Add the back to the add the salt and tsp. and place over medium heat. Bring to a simmer and cook gently until heated about five minutes. Remove from the heat and stir in ML of the sour cream and the vinegar. Ladle the soup into individual bowls and garnish with melted the remaining ML sour the and plenty of pepper. Leftover soup will keep in an airtight container in the refrigerator for up to four days.

If you think back to this presidential campaign and recall a lot of articles mentioning email troubles and J. various you be wrong. If it seems there were fewer articles about the economy and because there were. The temptation to blame news organizations for this imbalance is but there is at least some reason to resist it. Critics have long assailed campaign coverage as focused too much on candidate campaign strategy and assessments of instead of on policies and ideas. But this the candidates share the blame. I compared the content of campaign ads with the content of news articles about two specific candidate traits or and the economy or jobs. Both the candidates and news organizations spent more time discussing the fitness for office lack of than they did the economy. And the imbalance grew more lopsided as the election approached. Using analytic tools provided by Crimson I categorized the campaign news coverage of 23 media outlets. This consisted of four broadcast three cable news National Public Radio and on the two news and 12 newspapers. I specifically searched for news about campaign and her email server or her campaign and and several controversies connected to campaign things like Trump the Khan family and the I also looked for news about the campaign appeals on the economy and jobs. This list but it gives a sense of the between coverage of these controversies and the economy. The controversies received more on than their views on the economy. From until Election 38 percent of the stories mentioned various and 35 percent mentioned email. Only 17 percent mentioned Trump and jobs or the and only 10 percent cited campaign and the economy. Closer to the from 8 the numbers got even more lopsided. This was an important date just after the release of the video and a few weeks before Director B. letter to Congress. From this 53 percent of the campaign articles mentioning either controversies or the economy discuss while only 6 percent mention her alongside jobs or the economy. As for 31 percent mention his while 10 percent mention him related to jobs and the economy. The imbalance in coverage of the character is as is the lack of coverage about the economy compared with the controversies. Moving one week past the video between 15 and Election roughly half of the stories about scandals and the economy mentioned and only a quarter discussed Trump and his imbroglios. A mere 7 percent of the stories in these last three weeks mentioned and the economy percent mentioned Trump and the These choices have consequences. According to the reports of what they heard or read about between and were mainly references to her handling of emails during her time as secretary of state. In mentions of Trump changed week by tracking what was happening on the campaign trail. But before anyone blames the news important to examine what the candidates themselves were talking about over the course of the campaign. If media reports reflect candidate discourse then it is not merely the media choosing to report on scandals. It might be at least as much the choosing to campaign on them that results in unending coverage of traits and characteristics. To figure out if this was the I used data from on all the campaign ads aired between and Election Day. I coded all of the appeals in each ad and weighted the appeals by how many times the ads ran on television. made more ads than and she vastly running nearly three times as many ads as he did. All over half a million ads were run in 2016 during this period. The content of the ads is revealing. Both candidates spent most of their television advertising time attacking the other character. In the losing ads did little else. More than of the appeals in advertisements nearly half of were about characteristics or dispositions. Only 9 percent of appeals in her ads were about jobs or the economy. By 34 percent of appeals focused on the taxes and trade. Since the start of presidential campaign television advertising in no campaign has made 76 percent of its television ad appeals about any single topic. On traits typically garner about 22 percent of the appeals. The economy typically generates about 28 percent of the appeals. usually much more balance. Of this was an unusual election with two very unpopular so the flaws may have simply been too big a story for either them or the media to pass up. Whatever the the criterion of fitness for office dominated the messaging and made up a good share of the Trump messaging as and the news media covered it.

Losing your wallet or having it stolen is a nuisance but when on it can ruin the hope of a good according to a security consultant who has traveled to more than 110 countries. carry critical personal information like credit cards and a license in their and a lost or stolen one is a bigger headache and harder to recover from when he said. But there are ways to minimize the damage from that missing wallet and keep your trip from going and shared advice on how to do just that. KNOW YOUR CONTENTS You know your wallet is but do you know in In his training said that he has his attendees look inside their wallets and he finds that most are surprised at what they unearth. have insurance credit cards and other pieces of personal information they forgot they but if you know in your you report it he said. He suggests keeping an inventory of your contents in your email or on an encrypted cloud server such as Drive or CARRY ONLY ESSENTIALS Most people carry too many credit and cards in their advising that you travel with only the ones you rely on daily. carry both your Social Security card and license in your wallet because one piece of identification is generally sufficient when traveling. more personal information you the more work you have to do to get he said. HAVE BACKUPS OF DOCUMENTS Make copies of all the documents in your and leave these copies with a family member or trusted neighbor back at home. And include a checklist of phone numbers to call in case your wallet goes such as the numbers of your bank and credit card company. You can also scan and email these copies to yourself or store them on a cloud server. These backups and numbers allow you to quickly report your cards missing. if you be left without the identification you need to get back home. In suggested having a copy of a backup credit card on your email or cloud server and leaving the actual card at home with someone you trust if you need a replacement right that person can send you the card overnight. RELY ON THE EMBASSY If traveling internationally and end up losing your wallet but have no backups of your credit cards and the local United States Embassy is your best resource to get your life back in order. embassy can help you get temporary identification and also loan you said. Your tour if you used may also be able to assist.

offensive even criminal assault reports of harassment have spiked since J. victory in the presidential race. Few of the perpetrators have been but here is a look at five cases in which people have been directly accused. Some apologized. One denied being responsible. Another said his actions had been misconstrued. When started sending her classmate that mocked plans to crack down on Ms. whose parents had come to the United States illegally from tried to shake it was just a little like awkward Ms. tried to turn up the humor after Trump was elected president. She failed. Using clothing and she built a wall in Ms. dorm room at University in St. and left a note won so here is a little preview of to Tearful and Ms. posted a photograph on Twitter that was shared more than 50,000 times. was she said. threw the and I tore the Ms. along with campus security confronted Ms. who appeared shocked that the gag had backfired. Ms. declined to be interviewed. Ms. speculated that humor around presidential politics had led her friend to think of the and what was at as a joke. Ms. said that Ms. had and the two are working on reconciling. friendship is not all Ms. said. are going to be horrible things that are going to happen. We have to move on and grow from Officer Peters was off duty when he flew a Confederate battle flag from the back of his pickup truck at a Trumps demonstration in Traverse Officer an Police Department was captured in photographs getting out of his opening a Bud Light and arguing with protesters. He could not be reached for but the Traverse City police chief said he had previously displayed the divisive symbol at work. After the most recent episode was shared widely on the and in news he which the city manager of the popular tourist destination in northern called said Peters had also offered an apology for what the former officer described as the he put on the city. He added that Peters had cut short a trip to sign the paperwork to complete his resignation. On Peters delivered a letter to the local saying that he attended the rally to protest what he viewed as political correctness. He added that he believes the Confederate symbol nothing to do with and everything to do with embracing and celebrating the simple lifestyle that is the country John a high school teacher and golf coach in was suspended from work after students accused him of telling a group of black make me call Trump to get you sent back to The school district is investigating the episode. did not respond to requests for an interview. In a a Chapel High School said he had spoken with the teacher on the phone. actually admitted saying wrote said it was just an comment and meant to be racist. He said it was a bunch of male and female students in the hallway and he was talking to and Parker students at College in drove onto the nearby campus of College flying a Trump flag from their vehicle and chanted campaign slogans outside a building where minority students can seek support. They bragged about the episode in an video that has since been taken down. But after facing a backlash that included death threats on social media and a harsh response from officials at both each posted an apology on and denied targeting minority students. celebrating the election at a time and in a place when so many were deeply disappointed about its outcome genuinely grieving about was just not wrote. had no idea that our actions would be interpreted as or or a white I do not feel threatened by the new president. I have not had to work for that privilege. It was something I was born He included a phone number and email address where he said those he had offended could reach him directly. angry comments along with a few written in support inundated the and stopped responding. Neither nor responded to requests for comment. a singer and activist in New said that she was walking home after a performance last week when she passed a political and an elderly man who supported Trump began to heckle her. After a physical altercation in which the man fell to the Ms. was charged with assault and harassment. She said that the man had thrown himself onto the ground and appeared to be and that she had lost her day job as a home health aide because of the episode. She also said that since the she has been attacked on social media. should it have to come to the point where we are threatening each other and threatening each lives over a presidential she asked.

publisher of The New Thank you very much for joining us. And I want to reaffirm this is on the record. J. of the United All so clear. We had a very nice meeting in the Room. a I I I am. a photo of the great man behind you. There was a big thing about the bust that was removed out of the Oval Office. I heard thinking of putting it back. I indeed. I am. Wonderful. So got a good collection here from our newsroom and editorial and our columnists. I just want to say we had a but useful and conversation in there. So I appreciate that very much. I appreciate too. I thought maybe start this off by asking if you have anything you would like to start this off with before we move to the easiest questions going to get this administration. I just appreciate the meeting and I have great respect for The New Times. Tremendous respect. very special. Always has been very special. I think been treated very rough. well out there that been treated extremely unfairly in a in a true sense. I only complain about The Times. I would say The Times was about the roughest of all. You could make the case The Post was but every once in a while actually get a good article. Not but every once in awhile. I have great respect for The and like to turn it around. I think it would make the job I am doing much easier. working very hard. We have great people coming in. I think be very impressed with the names. be announcing some very shortly. Everybody wanted to do this. People are giving up tremendous careers in order to be subject to you folks and subject to a lot of other folks. But giving up a lot. I mean some are giving up tremendous businesses in order to sit for four or maybe eight or whatever the period of time is. But I think going to see some tremendous tremendous talent coming in. We have many people for every job. I mean no matter what the job we have many incredible people. I you can sort of just confirm that. The quality of the people is very good. choice for chief of trying very hard to get the best people. Not necessarily people that will be the most politically correct because that been working. So we have really experts in the field. Some are known and some are not but known within their field as being the best. very important to me. You been given a great honor. been very tough. been 18 months of brutality in a true but we won it. We won it pretty big. The final numbers are coming out. Or I guess coming out. just being confirmed. But the numbers are coming out far beyond what wildest expectation was. I know if it was I we were seeing the kind of crowds and kind the kind of enthusiasm we were getting from the people. As you probably I did many speeches that last period. I was just telling that I went around and did speeches in the pretty much 11 different that the massive crowds we were getting. If we had a stadium that held and most of many of you were there that held 20,000 have 15,000 people outside that get in. So we came up with a good system we put up the big screens outside with a very good loudspeaker system and very few people left. I would during the last two or three a day. a lot. Because not easy when you have big crowds. Those not an easy way of doing three a day. Then I said the last two I want to do six and seven. And not sure anybody has ever done that. But we did six and we did seven and the last one ended at 1 in the morning in And we had 31,000 17,000 or 18,000 inside and the rest outside. This massive place in Grand I guess. And it was an incredible thing. And I left do we lose I think we can lose And the reason I did it was set up only a little while before because we heard that day that was hearing that going to lose which been lost in 38 years. Or something. But 38 years. And they want to lose So they went out along with President and Bill and they went to late sort of late afternoon and I go to It on the schedule. So I finished up in New and at 10 I went to We got there at 12 We started speaking around and we had 31,000 people and I I there are things happening. But we saw it everywhere. So we felt very good. we had great numbers. And we thought going to win. We thought we were going to win We thought we were going to win North We did pretty easily. We thought strongly we were going to win The problem is nobody had won it and it was as you the great state that always got away. Every Republican thought they were going to win for 38 years and they just win it. And I thought we were going to win it. And we won we won you relatively we won it by a number of points. we won by 180,000 was that the More than 180,000 and votes are still coming in from the which we are getting about 85 percent of. So we won that by a lot of votes you we had a great victory. We had a great victory. I think it would have been easier because I see every once in awhile somebody the popular the popular vote would have been a lot but a whole different campaign. I would have been in I would have been in and New and we have gone anywhere else. Which I mean rather do the popular vote from the standpoint think do actually as well or better a whole different campaign. if a like match play versus stroke play. a whole different game. But I think the popular vote would have been easier in a true sense because go to a few places. I think the genius of the Electoral College. I was never a fan of the Electoral College until now. Until now. Until now. I guess now I like it for two reasons. What it does do is it gets you out to see states that never see otherwise. very interesting. Like I went to four times. I went to 2 for because everybody was saying you can get to 269 but there is no path to 270. We learned that was false because we ended up with got to got to get in. But there is no path to you have to get the one in so we kept going back to and we did get the one in We kept going to and we went to a lot of states that you spend a lot of time in and it does get you we actually went to about 22 whereas if going for popular probably go to or it could be three. You leave New stay in New and stay in So a certain genius about it. And I like it either way. But sort of interesting. But we had an amazing period of time. I got to know the we have a great a great and the enthusiasm was really incredible. The Times had a poll which was interesting because I was always up in that poll. They had something that I a technique in it was called enthusiasm. They added an enthusiasm factor and my people had great and people have enthusiasm. And in the end she get the vote and we ended up close to 15 as you know. We started off at we ended up with almost 15. And more a lot of people show because the community liked me. They liked what I was saying. So they necessarily vote for but they show which was a big problem that she had. I ended up doing very well with which was which I never understood why I was doing because go to the rallies and have so many women holding up for But I kept reading polls saying that not doing well with women. I think whoever is doing it here would say that we did very well with especially certain women. DEAN executive editor of The New As you describe you did do something really remarkable. You energized a lot of people in the country who really wanted change in But along with that and this is going to create a tricky thing for you you also energized presumably a smaller number of people who were evidenced at the convention in this weekend. Who have a very I just saw that today. love to hear you talk about how going to manage that group of people who actually may not be the larger group but who have an expectation for you and are angry about the country and its along racial lines. My first question do you feel like you said things that energized them in and how are you going to manage I think Dean. First of I want to energize the group. not looking to energize them. I want to energize the and I disavow the group. I know if reporting or whatever. I know where they were four years and where they were for and and all of the other people that so I just I had nothing to compare it to. But not a group I want to and if they are energized I want to look into it and find out why. What we do want to do is we want to bring the country because the country is very and one thing I did big league. very and going to work very hard to bring the country together. I somebody that really has gotten along with people over the years. It was my I went to a big event about two years ago. Just after I started thinking about politics. And walking in and some people were cheering and some people were and she you have never booed for never had a person boo and all of a sudden people are booing me. She never happened before. politics. You all of a sudden they think going to be running for and a say. So something that I had never experienced before and I people are and she never booed before. But now they boo. You it was a group and another group was going the opposite. I want to bring the country together. very important to me. in a very divided country. In many ways divided. So going to do that thing that executive editors get to do which is to invite reporters to jump in and ask questions. political thank Dean. like to thank you for being here. This talked about not prosecuting We were hoping you could talk about exactly what that means does that mean just the or the emails and the and how you came to that decision. there was a report that somebody said that not enthused about it. I want to move I want to move back. And I want to hurt the I really She went through a lot. And suffered greatly in many different ways. And I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was vicious. They say it was the most vicious primary and the most vicious campaign. I added it was definitely the most I assume you sold a lot of newspapers. I would imagine. I would imagine. just telling not looking to hurt them. I think been through a lot. gone through a lot. really looking I think we have to get the focus of the country into looking forward. If I could we had a good conversation you and and it was off the but there was nothing just wanted to make sure. The idea of looking forward was one of the themes that you were saying. That we need to now get past the deputy managing So definitively taking that off the The but the question was asked. About the emails and the but just not something that I feel very strongly about. I feel very strongly about health care. I feel very strongly about an immigration bill that I think even the people in this room can be happy. You been talking about immigration bills for 50 years and ever happened. I feel very strongly about an immigration bill fair and just and a lot of other things. There are a lot of things I feel strongly about. not looking to look back and go through this. This was a very painful period. This was a very painful election with all of the email things and all of the foundation things and all of the everything that they went through and the whole country went through. This was a very painful period of time. I read recently where it it they used to say it was against whoever and none of us were there to see it. And there a lot of recordings of But the fact is that there were some pretty vicious they say this this was the most. They say it was definitely the most vicious primary. And I think very important to look forward. senior editor for Do you think it would disappoint your supporters who seemed very animated by the idea of accountability in the What would you say to I think they will be disappointed. I think I will explain that we have in many ways save our country. Because our really in big trouble. We have a lot of trouble. A lot of problems. And one of the big I talk divisiveness. I think that a lot of people will appreciate not doing it for that reason. doing it because time to go in a different direction. There was a lot of and I think that the people that supported me with such where they will show up at 1 in the morning to hear a speech. It was actually Election they showed up so that was essentially Election Day. I think understand very completely. L. opinion can I ask a One of the issues that you actually were very careful not to speak about during the and spoken about is one very near and dear to my the whole issue of climate the how approach it. You own some of the most beautiful links golf courses in the world cross I read your article. Some will be even better because actually like is a little bit off so be perfect. He say that. He just says that the ones that are near the water will be but will be in great shape. But really important to and I think to a lot of our to know where going to go with this. I think anyone objects you doing forms of energy. But are you going to take out of the lead of confronting climate looking at it very Tom. tell you what. I have an open mind to it. going to look very carefully. one issue interesting because there are few things where more division than climate change. You tend to hear but there are people on the other side of that issue who even We do hear it. I was on with this so I got an earful of it. is one of them. But a lot of smart people disagree with you. I have a very open mind. And going to study a lot of the things that happened on it and going to look at it very carefully. But I have an open mind. since living on an I want to thank you for having an open mind. We saw what these storms are now seen it personally. Straight up. But you have an open mind on I do have an open mind. And had storms Not like this. You know the hottest day ever was in 98. You you can make lots of cases for different views. I have a totally open mind. My uncle was for 35 years a professor at He was a great scientist. He was a great guy. And he was a long time he had feelings this was a long time ago he had feelings on this subject. a very complex subject. not sure anybody is ever going to really know. I know we they say they have science on one side but then they also have those horrible emails that were sent between the scientists. Where was in or wherever five years Terrible. Where they got you so you see that and you this all about. I absolutely have an open mind. I will tell you Clean air is vitally important. Clean crystal clean water is vitally important. Safety is vitally important. And you you mentioned a lot of the courses. I have some very successful golf courses. received so many environmental awards for the way you know. done a tremendous amount of work where received tremendous numbers. Sometimes say actually an environmentalist and people will smile in some cases and other people that know me understand true. Open mind. editorial page When you say an open you mean just not sure whether human activity causes climate Do you think human activity is or I think right now I think there is some connectivity. There is something. It depends on how much. It also depends on how much going to cost our companies. You have to our companies are noncompetitive right now. really largely noncompetitive. About four weeks I started adding a certain little sentence into a lot of my that lost 70,000 factories since W. Bush. 70,000. When I first looked at the I must be a typo. It be you have you think you have 70,000 factories And it a right. lost 70,000 factories. not a competitive nation with other nations anymore. We have to make ourselves competitive. not competitive for a lot of reasons. becoming more and more of the reason. Because a lot of these countries that we do business they make deals with our or and then they adhere to the you know that. And much less expensive for their companies to produce products. So going to be studying that very and I think I have a very big voice in it. And I think my voice is listened especially by people that believe in it. And let you know. hate to see Royal underwater. The North that could a good bureau I just wanted to follow up on the question you were asked about not pursuing any investigations into Did you mean both the email investigation and the foundation investigation you will not pursue either one of you know have people that do things but my inclination would for whatever power I have on the is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so long. Ad go forward. And you you could also make the case that some good work was done in the foundation and they could have made etc. etc. I think I think time for people to say go and solve some of the problems that we which are massive problems you I do think that gone through a lot. I think losing is going through a lot. It was a it was a very tough evening for her. I think losing is going through a lot. for whatever my attitude is strongly we have to go we have so many different problems to I think we have to delve back in the past. I also think that would be a very well I think it would be very you know talking about bringing and then they go into all sorts of I think it would be very divisive for the country. I I think speaking not as a journalist very healthy. and then going to go D. White House Mike Shear. I cover the White covering your administration See ya there. Just one quick clarification on the climate do you intend as you pull out of the Climate going to take a look at it. SHEAR And if the reaction from foreign leaders is to slap tariffs on goods to offset the carbon that the United States had pledged to is that with And then the second question is on your sort of mixing of your global business interests and the presidency. even just in the two weeks been instances where met with your business partners Sure. talked about the impact of the wind farms on your golf course. experts who are lawyers and ethics say that all of that is totally so I guess the question for you what do you see as the appropriate structure for keeping those two things and are there any lines that you think you want to cross once in the White First of on countries. I think that countries will not do that to us. I think if run by a person that understands leadership and negotiation in no position to do that to no matter what I do. in no position to do that to and that but going to take a look at it. A very serious look. I want to also see how much this is you the cost to and be talking to you folks in the future about having to do with what just took place. As far as you potential conflict of I mean I know that from the the law is totally on my the president have a conflict of interest. been reported very widely. Despite I want there to be a conflict of interest anyway. And the the president And I understand why the president have a conflict of interest now because everything a president does in some ways is like a conflict of but I built a very great company and a big company and all over the world. People are starting to when they look at all these different like in and other number a job like that builds great relationships with the people of so all good. But I have to the partners come very successful people. They come they it be possible to have a my children are working on that job. So I can say to want to have a I can take a picture. I I think wonderful to take a picture. fine with a picture. But if it were up to some I would ever see my daughter again. That would be like you never seeing your son again. That be good. That be good. But ever see my daughter That means have to make deputy you know. I I yeah. I do that either. I that work. I do I would never see I guess the only son be allowed to at least for a little would be because 10. so there has to be a very interesting case. You could sell your company With all due you could sell your company and then Well And then you could see them all the time. a very hard thing to you know because I have real estate. I have real estate all over the which now people are understanding. When I filed my forms with the federal people really a big a big It really is all over the world. a great company with great assets. I think you selling real estate like selling stock. Selling real estate is much in a much different world. say and I mean this and I said it on the other My company is so unimportant to me relative to what I need I need and by the very I have a very small percentage of my money in very very small percentage of my money in in banks have said like to loan you like to give you any amount of been there had it both been been especially as you get is much better. Just a because an important question. I care about my company. I if a partner comes in from or if a partner comes in from where we did a beautiful big building that just and they want to take a picture and come into my and my kids come in I originally made the deal with these I mean what am I going to not going to talk to not going to take You have you on a human you take pictures. But I just want to say that I am given the right to do something so important in terms of so many of the issues we in terms of health in terms of so many different things. I care about my company. It matter. My kids run it. say I have a conflict because we just opened a beautiful hotel on so every time somebody stays at that if they stay because I guess you could say a conflict of interest. a conflict of but not going to have anything to do with the and they may very well. I mean it could be that occupancy at that hotel will be occupancy at that hotel will be probably a more valuable asset now than it was The brand is certainly a hotter brand than it was before. I help but I care. I said on I care. Because it matter. The only thing that matters to me is running our country. political can I press you a little further on what structures you would put in place to keep the presidency and the company separate and to avoid things for were reported in The Times in the past 24 hours about meeting with leaders of about wind farms About meeting with Leaders of about wind farms that might interfere with the views of your golf course and how to what can you talk about that by the Was I involved with the wind farms not that I know of. I I have a problem with wind But you brought it up in the Which I know. I might have. With leaders of MANY With I see. I might have brought it up. But not having to do with just I the wind is a very deceiving thing. First of we make the windmills in the United States. made in and Japan. made out of massive amounts of which goes into the whether in our country or it goes into the atmosphere. The windmills kill birds and the windmills need massive subsidies. In other subsidizing wind mills all over this country. I for the most part they work. I think they work at all without and that bothers and they kill all the birds. You go to a you know in they have what is The golden And if you shoot a golden they go to jail for five years and yet they kill them they actually have to get permits that only allowed to kill 30 or something in one year. The windmills are devastating to the bird With that being a place for them. But they do need subsidy. if I talk negatively. been saying the same thing for years about you the wind industry. I want to subsidize it. Some environmentalists agree with me very much because of all of the things I just including the and some But hard to explain. I care about anything having to do with anything having to do with anything other than the country. But the just to be the question. How do you formalize the separation of these things so that there is not a question of whether or not you as president are trying to influence like wind I want to influence because not not that important to me. hard to explain. but the according to the see I figured something where you put something in this massive trust and also nothing is written. In other in I can be president of the United States and run my business 100 sign checks on my which I am phasing out of very you I sign the type. I like to sign checks so I know what is going on as opposed to pressing a computer and thousands of checks are automatically sent. It it tells me going on a little bit and it tells contractors that watching. But I am phasing that out and handing that to Trump and Don Trump and Trump for the most and some of my so happening right now. But in theory I could run my business and then run the country perfectly. And never been a case like this where if you look at other people of they have this kind of asset and this kind of frankly. just a different thing. But there is no I assumed that have to set up some type of trust or whatever and you know. And I was actually a little bit surprised to see it. So in theory I have to do anything. But I would like to do something. I would like to try and formalize because I care about my business. is going to run very nice. We own this incredible place in We own many incredible including I guess you heard. one guy that does when I say you know what that right. Do a little But going to run we have good going to run really well. So I have to do but I want to do something if I can. If there is something. Can you promise us when you decide exactly what that come tell The New Times about I will. started it already. One of our great by the way. I can see that. started it already I greatly reduced the and the business. greatly reduced meetings with meetings with different people you also started by said over the last two once I decided I wanted to I want to build anything. like for we built the post be happy to ahead of schedule and under budget. Substantially ahead of schedule. Almost two years ago of schedule. But ahead of under and a terrific place. the hotel on Just so you General Electric has a big wind turbine factory in South Just so you know. Well good. But most of are made in most of are you and the are making most of them. They may assemble if you I think find that delivered there and they do most of the assembly. White House sorry I entered but I did want to ask you about You should introduce yourself. one of the White House correspondents. I apologize for my delayed flight. I wanted to ask you about personnel. They say personnel is policy. I quite hear. Personnel. Personnel. You hired to be the chief strategist for you in the White House. He is a hero of the been described by some as racist and I wonder what message you think you have sent by elevating him to that position and what you would say to those who feel like that indicates something about the kind of country you prefer and the government run. known a long time. If I thought he was a or or any of the things that we you the terms we can I even think about hiring him. First of the one that makes the not or anybody else. And will tell you that. 100 percent. And if he said something to me in terms of his or that I thought were inappropriate or number one I do and number he would have to be gone. But I know many people that know and in actually getting some very good press from a lot of the people that know and people that are on the left. But went to he was you he was very he was a Naval I think you I think very hard on him. I think having a hard time with it. Because not him. not him. known him for a long time. a very smart guy. I think he was with on top of everything else. What do you make of the website he The different. cover I mean like The New Times covers things. I I could say that is because they covered an story. I I am. take whatever you say. I am always but not cross The New Times covers a lot of stories that you rough stories. And you they have covered some of these but The New Times covers a lot of these things also. just a essentially. a newspaper. I know the a decent a very smart guy. done a good job. He been with me that long. You know he really came in after the primaries. I had already won the primaries. And if I thought that his views were in that I would immediately let him go. And tell you why. In many respects I think his views are actually on the other side of what a lot of people might think. But you are with all due that and and many folks who disagree with the coverage of and the slant that brings to the news view him that well first of is just a publication. you they cover stories like you cover stories. they are certainly a much more conservative to put it than The New Times. But really is a news organization become quite and got readers and it does cover subjects that are on the but it covers subjects on the left also. I mean a pretty a pretty big thing. And he helped build it into a pretty successful news organization. tell you I know him very well. I will say and I will say if I thought that if I thought that he was doing or had any ideas that were different than the ideas that you would I would ask him very politely to leave. But in the I think been treated very unfairly. very interesting a lot of people are coming to his defense right now. We have never experienced a single episode of any of those accusations. been the total opposite. been a great and just not there. And what the is saying is 100 percent true. And by the if you see something or get something where you feel that and you have some info I would love to hear it. You can call can call I would love to hear. The only one who call me is opinion She treats me too rough. I know what happened to She was so opinion For years she was so good. As we all say about not your just your turn. opinion I have a slightly but somewhat I guess. about the future of the Republican Party. You started out here talking about winning in so many states where no Republican has won in especially Rust Belt states. And I think many people think that one of the reasons you won was that you deliberately campaigned as a different kind of Republican. You had different things to say on foreign even your daughter child care plan was sort of distinctive. And now in a situation where governing and staffing up an administration with a Republican Party whose and may differ with me a little on but always see on those views. Although right now loving me. right now they are. right now loves loves amazing how winning can change things. liked Chuck for a long time. raised a lot of money for Chuck and given him a lot of money over the years. I think I was the first person that ever contributed to Chuck I had a a little in a little apartment building in in Bay where I worked with my father. And Chuck came in and I gave I I know if willing to admit but I believe it was his first campaign But Chuck a good guy. I think get along very well. I guess my question how much do you expect to be able to both run an administration and negotiate with a Congress as a different kind of Republican. And do you worry that wake up three years from now and go back to campaigning in the Rust Belt and people will he governed more like than like Trump. I worry about that. I need to do this. I was telling I need to do this. doing this to do a good what I want to and I think that what happened in the Rust they call it the Rust Belt for a reason. If you go through you look back 20 they used to call it the Rust Belt. You pass factory after factory after factory empty and rusting. Rust is the good worse than falling down. I sacrifice that. To me more important is taking care of the people that really have proven to to love as opposed to the political people. And frankly if the political people take care of these not going to win and going to end up with maybe a total different kind of government than what looking at right now. These people are really angry. and angry. I call them the forgotten men and women. And I use that in I say the forgotten people they were totally forgotten. And going to bring jobs back. going to bring jobs big league. spoken to so many companies I plan on moving your not going to be able to move your company and sell us your product. You think going to just sell it across what will be a strong you know at least going to have a border. But just plan on it. And tell I and hear announcements over the next couple of but I believe talked numerous comp in conversations with top people numerous companies that or potentially leaving our country with thousands of jobs. Are you that those companies will keep their factories but the jobs will be replaced by They and make the robots too. a big make the robots too. Right now we make the robots. We make anything. But going I robotics is becoming very big and going to do that. going to have more factories. We lose 70,000 factories. Just do it. going to start making things. I was honored I got a call from Bill great we had a great I got a call from Cook at and I you know one of the things that will be a real achievement for me is when I get Apple to build a big plant in the United or many big plants in the United where instead of going to and going to and going to the places that you go making your product right He understand I think create the incentives for and I think going to do it. going for a very large tax cut for which be happy But going for big tax we have to get rid of regulations are making it impossible. Whether liberal or I mean I could sit down and show you regulations that anybody would agree are ridiculous. gotten to be a And companies they even start they choking. I tell one thing I would giving a big tax cut and giving big regulation and seen all of the small business owners over the United and all of the big business met so many people. They are more excited about the regulation cut than about the tax cut. And I never said because the tax going to be substantial. You know we have companies leaving our country because the taxes are too high. But leaving also because of the regulations. And I would of the and I would not have thought regulation substantial regulation are more important and more enthusiastically than even the big tax cuts. I wanted to ask there was a conference this past weekend in of people who pledged their allegiance to you are really into this I think we answered that one right off the bat. Are you going to condemn Of course I of course I did. He already did. Are you going to do it right I maybe you here. Sure. Would you like me to do it do it here. Of course I condemn. I disavow and condemn. go with that. like to move to and then go back. Because a lot of the investment you are talking a lot of the jobs you are talking about is infrastructure going to be the core of your first few not the but an important factor. going for a lot of between between between health care going to talk repeal and replace. health care is you know people are paying a 100 percent increase and not even getting the deductibles are so you have deductibles So paying all of this money and they even get health care. So very important. So there are a lot of things. But is going to be a part of it. part of I even think a big part of it. going to be a big number but I think I am doing things that are more important than but infrastructure is still a part of and talking about a very infrastructure bill. And not a very Republican thing I even know frankly. It worked for Franklin It work for because unfortunately they spend the money last time on infrastructure. They spent it on a lot of other things. You nobody can find out where that last you from a few years ago where that money went. And going to make sure it is spent on infrastructure and roads and highways. I have a a big one of the biggest. And he orders these incredible the I mention the name but a certain truck company that makes they call them the of trucks. You the most expensive trucks. And he calls me up about two months ago and he going to buy the cheapest trucks I can And I and you and this is the biggest guy he trucks are coming going from New to and all busted up. The highways are in such bad hitting hitting He not buying these trucks going to buy the cheapest stuff and the strongest tires I can the exact expression he cheapest trucks and the strongest hitting so many bad you I tell been doing this how 45 years. He built it over 45 years. I you ever seen it like He roads have never been like an interesting What what curious what and said when you going to launch a infrastructure Are they reluctant to spend Honestly right now Trillion. I was the figure. Because they would be in the wing of the Republican Party that would but not going to be able to do that and balance the see if I get it done. Right now in love with me. Four weeks ago they in love with me. forget if I read The New and you have to put this on the record it can be if you you might not want You say but you do I do read it. Unfortunately. I would have lived about 20 years longer if I quote right there if love to reread it I know. But when you look at the all the I was going to lose the I was going to take the House with and the Senate had no chance. It was going to be the biggest humiliation in the history of politics in this country. And instead I won the and I mean easily you look at those I had states where I won by 30 and 40 points. I won the presidency I helped numerous senators in fact the only senators that get elected were two one up in New who refused to say that she was going to vote for who by the way would love a job in the administration and I thank on the record. This is where different than a politician I know what to I just believe sort of interesting. love to have a job in the I thank She refused to vote for me. And a senator in who frankly he endorsed me then he and he went down like a lead balloon. And then they called me before the race and said they wanted me to endorse him and do a big thing and I thank good You see what happens. I off the I hope you lose. Off the record. He He was up by 10 points you know who talking about. others if you look at he was down five points a few days before the he called for I gave him and I think I was up like over 30 points in I was leading by a massive 28 points. I gave him help and he ended up winning by four points or something. I brought a number of them. brought over the finish line. we brought you that was a good one. We brought him over the line in Winning was big something that I came So right now in very good but I came here thinking be awed and overwhelmed by this but I feel like you are getting very comfortable with it. I feel comfortable. I feel comfortable. I am awed by the as anybody would but I I feel so comfortable and you know it would to a great achievement if I could come back here in a year or two years and say and have a lot of the folks here done a great And I mean just a conservative not talking conservative. I mean done a good job. To follow up on after you met with President he described you to folks as that you seemed overwhelmed by what he told you. So I wonder if you are overwhelmed by the magnitude of the job that about to inherit and if you can tell us anything more about that conversation with the president and the apparently subsequent conversations that had on the phone since then. And then maybe talk a little bit about foreign something we touched on and whether or not you believe in the kind of world order a world order led by in terms of having this country underwrite the security and the free markets of the which have been in place for decades. Sure. I had a great meeting with President I never met him before. I really liked him a lot. The meeting was supposed to be 10 15 minutes because there were a lot of people waiting for both of us. And it ended up being you were there I guess an close. And it was a great chemistry. I think if he said I think he meant that in a bad way. I think he meant that it is a very overwhelming job. But not overwhelmed by it. You can do things and fix I think he meant it that way. He said very nice things after the meeting and I said very nice things about him. I really enjoyed my meeting with him. We have you we come from different sides of the but nevertheless something that I know if like him. I probably thought that maybe I but I I did like him. I really enjoyed him a lot. spoken to him since the meeting. What did you say to Just a basic conversation. I think looking to do absolutely the right thing for the country in terms of transition and I telling we had a that went for an hour and a half that could have gone for three or four hours. It was a great it was just a very good meeting. Sort of like this meeting. He told me what he thought what the biggest problems of the country which I think I should I mind if he reveals them. But I was actually surprised a little bit. But he told me the he told me things that he considered but he did tell me what he thought were the biggest in particular one problem that he thought was a big problem for the which rather have you ask him. But I really found the meeting to be very good. And I hope we can have a good I it mean going to agree on but I hope that we will have a great relationship. I really liked him a lot and a little bit surprised telling you that I really liked him a lot. go foreign sure. Sure. What do you see as role in the Do you believe that the role such a big question. The role that we played for 50 years as kind of the global paying more for things because they were in our ultimate one hears from I is really shrinking that role. I think we should be a nation builder. I think tried that. I happen to think that going into was perhaps I mean you could say maybe we could have settled the civil I think going into was one of the great mistakes in the history of our country. I think getting out of it I think we got out of it then lots of bad things including the formation of We could have gotten out of it differently. I think going in was a terrible mistake. we have to solve that problem because we are going to just keep fighting forever. I have a different view on than everybody else. not everybody but then a lot of people. I had to listen to give me a break. I had to listen to Graham talk you attacking and you and like now attacking attacking attacking. And what are we getting and what are we And I have some very I have some very strong ideas on I think happened is a horrible thing. To look at the and not just talking deaths on our which are but the deaths I mean you look at these where massive and they say two people were injured. thousands of people have died. And I think a shame. And ideally we can get do something with I spoke to as you he called essentially How do you see that Essentially everybody called all of the major and most of them spoken to. Will you have a reset with I use that term after what you previously. I think I would love to be able to get along with and I think like to be able to get along with us. in our mutual interest. And I go in with any preconceived but I will tell I would say when they used to during the Trump loves loves I it be say this in front of thousands of it be nice to actually report what they it be nice if we actually got along with it be nice if we went after which by the aside from being very and have been even allowed to and the people will stand up and give me a massive hand. You know they thought it was bad that I was getting along with or that I believe strongly if we can get along with a positive thing. It is a great thing that we can get along with not only but that we get along with other countries. managing On would you you said you have a very strong idea about what to do with the can you describe that for I can only say We have to end that craziness going on in One of the things that was told to me can I say this off the or is everything on the if you want to I want to I want to violate a If you want to go off the we have agreed you can go off the record. Ladies and we are off the record for this moment. speaks off the Now we can go back on. going to play the cop here. got only two and a half minutes because they have a hard stop at 2. And by the I want to thank you on behalf of all of us Thank you. for this and really I mean that. We are back on the record. you get the last question. Is he a tough Is he I have two very quickly. One is your vice left open the idea of returning to You talked about that on the campaign trail. hoping you can talk about how you view torture at this and also what are you hoping that will do in your administration and will you bring him in I hear the second question. What will role be in your Oh. Maybe nothing. Because I want to have people saying Even though the president of the United States I hope whoever is writing this written fairly the president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he wants he or she wants. But I want to go by that. a very smart guy. a very good guy. The people that know a quality person and I think he can be very helpful. I would love to be able to be the one that made peace with and the I would love that would be such a great achievement. Because been able to do it. Do you think he can be part of I think be very good at it. I mean he knows it so well. He knows the knows the knows the players. I would love to be and you can put that down in a list of many things that like to be able to do. Now a lot of people tell really great people tell that you do it. had a lot great businesspeople tell you do impossible. I I think you can make peace. I think people are tired now of being killed. At some when do they I think we can do that. I have reason to believe I can do that. And on Where are you and I met with General who is a very respected guy. In I met with a number of other they say the finest there is. He is being seriously considered for secretary of which is I think time time for a general. Look at going on. We we beat we win anymore. At anything. We win on the we win with we certainly win with the military. General is a highly dignified man. I met with him at length and I asked him that question. I what do you think of He said I was surprised he never found it to be He always give me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of beers and I do better with that than I do with And I was very impressed by that answer. I was because known as being like the toughest guy. And when he said not saying it changed my mind. we have people that are chopping off heads and drowning people in steel cages and not allowed to But tell you I was impressed by that answer. It certainly does not not going to make the kind of a difference that maybe a lot of people think. If so important to the I would go for it. I would be guided by that. But General found it to be very less much less important than I thought he would say. I thought he would say you know known as Mad Dog Mad Dog for a reason. I thought say lose He actually give me some cigarettes and some and do with going to go to our Mark for the last question. Very powerful man MARK Thank and a really short but after all the talk about libel and libel are you committed to the First Amendment to the I was hoping he going to say that. I think be happy. I think be happy. somebody said to me on they a great softening up those but you may get sued a lot I I never thought about I I have to start thinking about I think be I think going to be fine. thank you very much for this. Really appreciate this. Thank you very a great honor. I will The Times a great jewel. A world jewel. And I hope we can all get along. looking for the same and I hope we can all get along well.

After a morning of statements and Twitter J. Trump met with New Times journalists and our publisher. We comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate accord and said that he to white supremacists. Trump also suggested his could help broker peace between and He confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family foundation. The was asked about whether he encouraged the to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. might have brought it he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. There are no historical analogies. rejected call for to become ambassador to the The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle are focusing on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to the 1.4 billion people in where it is blocked. Unveiling a new censorship tool there could lead to more demands to suppress content from other countries. has restricted content in other markets such as and Turkey. The government revealed the identity of an State operative believed to have been an overseer of last attacks in a He was previously known only by the the chancellor of the will provide an outlook on economy at the annual Autumn Statement to Parliament today. said a strike today will affect 100,000 travelers. The pilots also indicated that the strike would be extended to Our Economic Scene columnist says that because of gains in the global economic the Trump administration has little chance of winning a possible trade war. the has removed an executive after he was accused of insulting people in a parking lot dispute. The outburst set off an outcry on social media in China. Wall Street rose to record highs. a snapshot of global markets. A. the leader of is appearing on a reality show in an effort to change his brutal reputation. He has even been shown collecting a wildflower bouquet. New new prime is a former police chief and interior minister who supports call for members to spend more on defense. New The leaders of the two largest groups called for the Union to halt membership talks with Turkey because of its purges. Two sisters were robbed of million worth of jewelry and other valuables by men who attacked the driver of their with tear gas near New A group of residents who want the state to secede from the United States submitted paperwork that seeks a statewide vote in 2018. Some babies who have linked to the virus might appear healthy at but develop symptoms according to a new study in New Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic Ocean on a huge The annual production of algae increased an estimated 47 percent between 1997 and 2015. The consequences remain unclear. New A stained glass screen created for the headquarters of East secret the is for sale in The lingering use of the language in the island of is a reminder of how cultures have blended for centuries. A deaf teenager from South is set to reach the highest echelons of a sport in which hearing the ball is considered hugely important. The story of how made it to Sporting is a case study in how to recruit and develop soccer players. is a deft and diverting World War II romantic our critic writes. The starring Brad and operates a bit like in reverse. prepared to ski the most intense and incredibly humbling terrain that you could ever imagine A former military sniper on skiing in La A handwritten poem scrawled by Frank in a notebook is up for sale in the today. based in expects to sell the rare item for between 30,000 and 50,000 or about and penned the short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend van older The work is dated March just a few months before and her family went into hiding from the in All but her father eventually died in the Holocaust. Only a few of her writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged. This a museum bought a copy of fairy tales in which had inscribed her and her names. In another short piece of verse written in a notebook went on sale at The opening features traditional lines of encouragement and can be traced to a Dutch periodical. The closing which the auction house has not may be own. others have reproached what you have done the poem be sure to amend your is the best answer one can

Struggling to respond to J. a group of Democrats moved swiftly to endorse Representative of for chairman of the Democratic National hoping that he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But after steadily adding endorsements from leading Democrats in his bid to take over the is encountering resistance from a formidable the White House. In a sign of the discord gripping the President uneasy with the progressive have begun casting about for an according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. The battle pits the titans of the Democratic Party against one with camp at odds with figures like Chuck the new Senate Democratic and Senator Warren of some of whom discussed the party leadership race at a White House meeting last have talked about whether Labor Secretary E. and former Gov. of would be willing to run for the post. met with Vice President R. last week and had lunch in the White House Mess with senior while also visiting with political director. Some in circle were even holding out hope that himself could be persuaded to step into the chairmanship as a unifying force for a party reeling after losing the presidency and making scant gains in the House and Senate. But office said that he was interested in being though he plans to deeply involved in helping shape the direction of the Democratic Party moving The tumultuous tenure of Representative who was forced out as party leader in convinced a wide range of Democrats that whoever takes over the committee must make it their sole focus. too much at stake for us not to have somebody working in a said a New assemblyman and veteran of both of who is considering a vice chairmanship. has to be your But there are other reasons for the discomfort with that illustrate lingering divisions after a bruising presidential primary fight and a general election in which suffered deep losses among whites and could not match support among young and nonwhite voters. Some in orbit and say that elevating would amount to handing the party to Senator Sanders of primary race and his liberal followers. was a backer of presidential and Sanders has been rallying support for bid. Already a polarizing figure among he ignited new controversy this week by saying the party needed to beyond identity not good enough for someone to a Vote for Sanders told students in on a comment widely seen as a criticism of not good enough. What we need is a woman who has the guts to stand up to Wall to the insurance to the drug to the fossil fuel This call for an brand of liberalism is what galvanized so many of his but his blunt language also served to remind some Democrats of the divisive primary race. There is little appetite for a replay of that fight in the which will be decided by members of the committee when they gather in for their winter meeting. Some top Democrats had hoped to a contest by backing bid. Ms. Warren and an array of House members and unions were lining up behind him even before he formally entered the race. But along with his inability to do the job full time and his links to past criticism of and praise for the Nation of worry some Democrats looking for a figure to lead the opposition to Trump. a defended in the saying he was an and has positioned himself on the left flank of congressional Democrats on the head of the called important ally in the fight against but said he had taken positions on the conflict which we strongly differ and that concern hope that all candidates for this post will make clear where they stand on these and that the Democratic National Committee will make a choice that affirms the longstanding bipartisan consensus on a strong he said. Aides to were going to make him available for a telephone but then declined when informed that he would be asked about his past comments on They emailed a list of his links to the community and a statement that need an organizer who will energize the across this country to build the party from the bottom A handful of state Democratic leaders have entered or are considering entering the and the former governor and has also expressed interest. But it is a son of whom many prominent Democrats would like to see enter the and who appears most willing to consider it. The has been considering an endorsement of but delayed its in part because organized labor has a good relationship with called L. the president of the to tell him he was seriously considering a run and to ask him to hold off on an according to three Democratic officials familiar with the conversation. A spokesman for declined to comment on the race and said the administration was neutral. But many in the sphere think highly of and Ms. very connected to the experience of everyday and he has a connection to immigrant as longtime said of who is also mulling a run for governor in in 2018. comes to this with a lot of assets if he were to step and who both declined to discuss whether they intended to were early supporters of which could turn the race into the proxy war some Democrats want to avoid.

The emails found on government computers were by turns racist and and their piecemeal beginning in by G. then the attorney general of sent two State Supreme Court justices and an assortment of other officials packing amid suspicions of overly cozy relationships between judges and prosecutors in the state. Ms. by then embroiled in scandal late last year hired an outside F. to comb through the whole trove and see what else was there. And even as Ms. who in August was convicted on criminal conspiracy and other charges and sentenced to 10 to 23 months in prison after illegally leaking grand jury records took her own spectacular fall from the investigation lingered as an unwritten coda to her stormy tenure. Would it be a swipe from the political revealing more offensive conduct by the she had come into office swearing to The answer came on in the form of a there were more inappropriate emails sent by current and retired state officials nearly 12,000 in all including obscene photographs and a racist joke about the first Thirteen including three more were found to have offensive and 38 more people were found to be senders of offensive or explicit content. communications demonstrate a fundamental and dangerous degree of impropriety that threatens public confidence in a fair and unbiased law enforcement and judicial and impartial governance more wrote who did not recommend criminal charges. according to the current attorney R. the investigation had erroneously flagged many like exchanges about breast as inappropriate. It had not uncovered new evidence of communication that undermined the justice system. And none of the senders identified in the report would be named. said that releasing the names of people identified in the review unfairly damage their and leave the attorney office and law vulnerable to potential lawsuits. He added that some of those identified in the report could go or had gone through private disciplinary processes. The which said cost about had been a of taxpayer money. all labor and money that not able to use fighting the heroin or protecting he said. the author of the said he had been instructed by office not to comment. The decision not to name additional individuals came as a disappointment to observers like Peter F. a former federal prosecutor in who has written columns voicing his concerns about the coziness the emails appeared to reveal between prosecutors and judges. cannot understand prosecutors saying nothing wrong with this this said no that is totally Others pointed out that Ms. herself held off on releasing many names and emails in the citing labor regulations. Some of the materials were released in court proceedings. the executive director of the Center for Women and said the emails had nevertheless revealed there are these racist networks and beliefs that exist in a lot of different areas of power in and it was quite alarming for all of Ms. Brown added that with details left out of the think a lot of taxpayers and citizens are still going to be wanting to know some more

Apple and other devices have long had an airplane mode that shuts off wireless communications to prevent interference with the vast electronics systems that control modern aircraft. Now federal auto safety regulators want makers of these devices to add a driver mode to modify or block certain and features to keep a attention on the road. The initiative comes in the form of voluntary guidelines that will be issued by the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. They arrive amid a spike in traffic fatalities in the last two years and increasing concerns about the distractions posed by and the many that are using while behind the wheel. becomes so many different things that not just a communication secretary of the Transportation said in an interview. is still a problem. Too many people are dying and being injured on our The guidelines call on electronics manufacturers like Apple and to design future operating systems that limit the functionality and simplify interfaces while a vehicle is in motion and to develop technology to identify when the devices are being used by a driver while driving. That would ensure the limits are placed on drivers and not other vehicle occupants. The new guidelines from are the first recommendations specifically for portable devices that are used while driving. The agency cannot force electronics companies to but in the past it issued a set of guidelines for the navigation and entertainment systems built into cars by the manufacturer and adopted for the most part. The airplane mode has been around about as long as The Federal Aviation Administration had required turning off electronics before but that rule was relaxed to allow the use of in flight as long as they had their communications shut off. That led to airplane which the had in 2007. there are varying degrees of recognition in the tech community that when building an or a or contemplating a strong possibility that someone could be trying to use that in the said. In the first six months of highway deaths increased 10.4 to according to preliminary data compiled by At that more than 100 people die every day in traffic accidents. In traffic fatalities rose 7.1 it was the largest annual percentage increase in traffic deaths in 50 years. Part of the increase in road deaths can be explained by the improving higher employment numbers and low gasoline all of which are causing to drive more than they did just a few years during the depths of the recession. In an interview in Mark the said the increase in miles traveled was not enough by itself to explain this spike in injuries and deaths. fatalities are occurring more frequently even when the increased travel is factored in. and other safety experts think one factor is distracted driving. In their distractions and the allure of other devices and electronics have multiplied greatly since the dangers of distracted driving entered the national consciousness years ago. At that the main distracting activities were and talking on the phone. Now a wide range of and games also tempt drivers to reach for their phones. the maker of recently modified the game to prevent it from operating while moving at speeds of more than about 10 miles per a spokeswoman for the company said. She declined to give further details on the modifications because did not want users to find ways to get around she said. The change was made after a spate of accidents was blamed on drivers who were playing the game while at the wheel. think Go is something any driver should be using at any said. Makers of have added some technology that can be used to reduce the distraction of electronics. have a do not disturb feature that can block incoming calls and and a silent mode that eliminates the chimes and other audio cues that signal the arrival of a new message or posting on Many now include software in their newest models. When an is connected to the vehicle via the software limits the drivers can use to Apple the music service and others that are used while traveling. Drivers can have the system read new texts aloud and dictate responses. There are and other products that can be used to block incoming communications in cars. One called Mode lets parents monitor if a phone is used for or email while in a vehicle. The guidelines encourage makers to ensure their devices pair up with electronics so drivers can use their buttons and screen to control A driver mode would present a simplified interface and detect when the device is being used by a driver. In this a would block any video or distracting eliminate scrolling and prohibit keypad use for or email. Any social media content or content from web pages like news reports should be blocked as the guidelines say.

1. After a morning of statements and Twitter Trump met with Times journalists and our at our Midtown headquarters. We his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate saying he would keep open He said that he to white supremacists. He suggested that his could help broker peace between and And Trump confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family saying she had already That decision may provoke a backlash among his supporters. 2. The was also asked about a meeting with a shortly after the election. According to a person present at that Trump encouraged to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. might have brought it he said during his lunch at The Times. Legal experts say international business ventures could easily run afoul of a constitutional clause on conflicts of interest. The Supreme Court has never squarely considered the clause and there are no historical analogies. 3. Representative of is encountering resistance from the White House in his bid to become chairman of the Democratic National Committee. His supporters hoped he would be a fresh face for a party with a depleted bench. But President uneasy with the progressive are casting about for an according to multiple Democratic officials close to the president. 4. awarded the Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 people. the highest civilian and has awarded more of them than any other president. The honorees include and the Night creator and Bill and among other boldfaced names. He also granted clemency to 79 drug bringing the number of people whose sentences he has commuted to over 1,000. 5. More details are emerging about the school bus crash in that killed five students on The authorities say the driver was going the speed limit when the bus crashed. been charged with five counts of vehicular homicide. 6. The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always 7. Some babies who have linked to the virus might appear healthy at but develop symptoms later. the unfortunate finding in a new study of 13 babies in Doctors say there will most likely be other waves of children whose brains were affected by the but not severely enough to be noticed in their early months or years. 8. under fire over its past efforts to undercut climate is accusing the family of masterminding a conspiracy against it. family longtime backers of environmental have supported much of the research and reporting that have called the company to account for its climate policies. In John D. founded Standard the company that became a member of the 9. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The quake hit near the site of the 2011 nuclear disaster in which three reactors melted down. This the and power stations responded well. But critics remain concerned about whether the company is prepared for a disaster on the scale of the 2011 earthquake. 10. Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found with air temperatures far warmer and sea ice far rarer than algae that form the base of the oceanic food chain are wildly proliferating. The changes are likely to have a profound impact on animals like polar bears and whales. 11. been talking a lot about Thanksgiving dinner. But what about the before and Here are some recipes for appetizers on the big and a hearty to feed overnight guests.

For if there was an empty bench on Avenue in was there to take it. With her electric chunky jewelry and Ms. was a familiar sight in the landscape. If there is a tale of two Ms. occupied the realm alongside the waiters and the shopkeepers. At on Avenue near North Ninth a photograph of Ms. in a bright red dress still hangs on the wall. As the neighborhood became more she was featured in short magazines and Some referred to her as the Queen of week she would shout my name from the front door of the store and she would give me a bag full of groceries to give to my who was the manager of a Industries store on said in an email. She now lives in never got to officially say goodbye to Ms. said. truly heartbroken over Up and down Avenue last Ms. death this month was announced on pink fliers taped to lampposts. She died at New University Medical Center in after a short illness. She was 91. recalled the first time Ms. sauntered into her clothing about 10 years ago. There had been a young man eyeballing a silver skull ring he could not afford. bought it for Ms. who now lives in New said in an email. even know each other. That was the type of woman she generous. She was a true wild gem of a was our Iris she referring to the fashion icon. Ms. was born and raised on East 28th Street in Her parents were immigrants. She had lived in her railroad apartment on North 11th Street in for 68 years. Her lives in and her in Neither attended a memorial service for her on night. Their mother had lived to be 102. The organized by Ms. John who lives on Long was held at Funeral Home in The crowd was sparse but a snapshot of both old and new Many loved who had left the city years could not make it. Others were stuck at just down the street. According to friends and relatives at the Ms. had been a remarkable beauty in her youth. She was a singer and a even in old and had modeled before she married. Friends recalled her boasting about her extraordinary figure as a younger and family legend has it that she had caused at least two car accidents in her day. She did not just stop they she crashed Ms. dreamed of moving to friends to make it big as an actress. she married and settled into the apartment on North 11th and had a son. Her whom everyone called died of cancer in the Their died in the Ms. took a job as a school bus matron. In a recording artist who now lives in moved to Late one night he was drinking beer with his friends in an old car he was restoring when Ms. came walking down the blighted street. She leaned up against the fins of the as though sidling up to a and introduced herself. used to have a car just like recalled her saying. For decades she attended parties at his loft on North Ninth Street. When he opened a shop on she was a daily presence too. They continued to have weekly phone conversations until her death. would say the most outrageous things and we would laugh and said through tears before the at a bar near where Ms. had lived. channeled West a bit. She owned her power as a woman. And she loved children and dogs. She also made the best chicken using this tiny electric toaster At the memorial a photographer who moved to from recalled the day in 2011 when she met Ms. She was taking photos on Avenue when a brassy older woman shouted from a What are you taking pictures of that garbage You should be photographing Ms. spent the next two years photographing Ms. mostly in her and said she had been a grandmotherly figure. was amazed at how she opened her arms to Ms. said. was so interesting and powerful. She never wanted to go anywhere else. She used to if home never alone because I have all my neighbors around After Ms. remains are said he planned to discreetly scatter her ashes around had a great he said. was always happy. If she was here and saw these people crying over her smack them on the back of the head and

After eight the socially responsible luxury brand is shutting its doors. will not produce its spring 2017 the designer Max told Business of Fashion. and his design partner had received positive reviews at a presentation during New Fashion Week in Neither he nor Ms. was available for further comment. The news raised questions about the viability of small businesses trying to combine a socially responsible mission with style. Founded in 2008 by the label from the beginning was committed to practices like training tailors in making its first collection from East and working with factories in and South It expanded after hiring Ms. who had previously worked as a creative director at and as a product manager at Gap Inc. Over which is carried by more than 70 retailers including and attracted support from celebrities Swift and are and industry players. In won the Award for and in 2014 it was a finalist for the Young Fashion Designers Prize. But what made appealing to some may also have been its downfall. product is but it was very said the chief executive of which offers loans and credit to and which has offered financial assistance to Ms. and for years. not sure from an investor perspective that anyone could see the opportunity to turn it into a sizable brand. made in very true to their and that limited their ability to be competitive and in The label toppled because one of the partners wanted to and the other had been struggling to find a said whose clients have included and A spokesman for would neither confirm nor deny that that was the case. Plenty of sustainable businesses are said. But for them to everybody at the helm has to be on board. have aspirations to be a million he said. in each of those there are two partners or and nobody wants to leave. happy to be so no disruption in their course of the director of consumer sectors at a nonprofit that works with companies like and H M on sustainability said that closing be seen as a failure for socially responsible brands. you look at a brand like a brand with she said. percent of her collection is There one standard for sustainability and social Ms. said. Many companies set their own goals. Some choose to work with factories where employees are offered fair wages and safe conditions. Others focus on developing fabrics that require less water or energy to produce. The Better Cotton for brings together more than 50 retailers and 700 suppliers working to set higher environmental and social standards in cotton production. H M and work with an organization called to reuse and recycle clothing. offers customers the opportunity to have their clothes repaired to prevent excessive waste. a boutique clothing collects information on the environmental impact of each of its garments and shares those findings with potential customers through its website. But Ms. conceded that sustainability and ethical practices come cheap. do hear from brands that making more sustainable choices can be more she said. the brand has to choose to have lower margins on the She offered Ms. use of leather as an example. actually a more expensive she said. But she argued that it can pay off in the long run. have good and attract a she said. a partner at made a similar point in an email. ethical fashion is a balancing act between the ability to charge a price premium and the technical expertise to create product with better environmental or social performance without adversely impacting the he wrote. It is unclear whether found that balance. It was difficult for to secure additional funding when it had been doing business for nearly a decade and had kept its output steady but said. had a really clear point of which is exactly what you look for as an he said. But it remained so was hard to attract an he said.

After a morning of statements and Twitter J. Trump met with Times journalists and our publisher at our Midtown headquarters. We his comments. He retreated from a vow to pull out of the climate accord and said that he to white supremacists. Trump also suggested his could help broker peace between and He confirmed that he was dropping his threat of further investigations into private email server and family foundation. Questions about continuing business dealings include whether operations involving the Bank of China and other companies controlled by foreign governments could test a constitutional limit. Our financial columnist says that because of gains in the global economic Trump has little chance of winning a possible trade war. Some accounts have portrayed the as urging the politician to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the view from one of his golf courses. has devised software to suppress posts in an effort to gain access to the 1.4 billion people in where it is blocked. The government there has strict rules around censorship of user content. The social network would offer the tool to a third party in this most likely a partner company to monitor popular stories and said three current and former employees. The feature has so far gone unused. The main opposition party in South said the Park would be remembered as for making an pact with Japan. Her political who already want to impeach Ms. Park over a corruption had insisted she cancel negotiations with which formerly ruled as a colony. The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always Hong will get a billion upgrade to fight slumping attendance driven by a sharp decline in tourism from mainland China. The Hong which owns 53 percent of the will split the cost accordingly. is stepping up competition with Amazon and in cloud announcing that it will open data centers in and by the end of 2016. There is a sense of relief in Japan after a powerful earthquake tested the safety of a nuclear power plant. The quake hit near the site of the 2011 nuclear disaster. This the and power stations responded well. the has removed an executive from China after he was accused of making bigoted insults against people in a parking lot dispute. The outburst set off an outcry on the social network Wall Street rose to record highs before and oil was down as mulled. a snapshot of global markets. At least 6,461 people were killed or wounded last year by land mines and other unexploded a huge increase from according to a new report. The most active land mine producers are and South New Global warming is altering the ecology of the Arctic on a vast scale. Two sets of scientists have found a huge increase in the amount of algae which is likely to have a profound impact on the food chain. New developers are flooding the property market around with a glut of new notably a billion island city built to house 700,000 people. The leader of is borrowing from appearing on a reality show. trying to win over the rest of New Turkey fired another 15,000 public including teachers and police and shut down nine more news over what the authorities said were links to a failed coup or terrorists. New More cases are being reported in but scientists say the long experience with diseases may help its response. New The role of women in history will be highlighted in a series of virtual exhibitions. and Bill and Gates were among the 21 who received the Presidential Medal of Freedom today. A deaf teenager from South is set to reach the highest echelons of a sport in which hearing the ball is hugely important. Our daily 360 so much to do along the and if the oil line goes through and going to be no more of said a man who grew up on the Standing Rock Reservation. A handwritten poem scrawled by Frank in a notebook is up for sale in the today. based in expects to sell the rare item for between 30,000 and 50,000 penned the short poem in a notebook belonging to her friend van older The work is dated March just a few months before and her family went into hiding from the in All but her father eventually died in the Holocaust. Only a few of her writings aside from the diary she kept while in hiding have emerged. This a museum bought a copy of fairy tales in which she had inscribed her and her names. In another short piece of verse written in a notebook went on sale at The opening features traditional lines of and can be traced to a Dutch periodical. The closing which the auction house has not may be own. others have reproached what you have done the poem be sure to amend your is the best answer one can

J. Trump on tempered some of his most extreme campaign dropping his vow to jail expressing doubt about the value of torturing terrorism suspects and pledging to have an open mind about climate change. But in a interview with reporters and editors at The New Times which was canceled and then reinstated after a dispute over the ground rules Trump was unapologetic about flouting some of the traditional ethical and political conventions that have long shaped the presidency. He said he had no legal obligation to establish boundaries between his business empire and his White conceding that the Trump brand certainly a hotter brand than it was he said he would try to figure out a way to insulate himself from his which would be run by his children. He defended K. his chief against charges of calling him a And he mocked Republicans who had failed to support him in his unorthodox presidential campaign. In the midday meeting in the boardroom of The Trump seemed confident even as he said he was awed by his new job. is a very overwhelming but not overwhelmed by he said. He displayed a jumble of many of them conflicting. He was magnanimous toward but boastful about his victory. He was about some of his uncompromising about others. The interview demonstrated the volatility in positions. He said he had no interest in pressing for prosecution over her use of a private email server or for financial acts committed by the Foundation. want to hurt the I really he said. On the issue of Trump suggested he had changed his mind about the value of after talking with N. a retired Marine Corps who headed the United States Central Command. never found it to be Trump said. He added that found more value in building trust and rewarding cooperation with terrorism me a pack of cigarettes and a couple of and do was very impressed by that Trump said. he is going to make the kind of a difference that a lot of people are Trump repeated that was being seriously to be secretary of defense. think for a he said. On climate Trump refused to repeat his promise to abandon the international climate accord reached last year in looking at it very Despite the recent appointment to his transition team of a fierce critic of the Trump said that have an open mind to and that clean air and clear were vitally important. He held out assurances that he did not intend to embrace extremist positions in some areas. He vigorously denounced a white nationalist conference last weekend in where attendees gave the salute and criticized Asked about his antagonism with the news media and his vow to toughen libel Trump offered no specifics but told the think be Despite his frequent attacks against what he has dubbed the New Trump seemed to go out of his way to praise the which he called great world He say he believed The Times had been too tough on him during the campaign. Pressed to respond to criticism in other he was defiant. He declared that totally on my when it comes to questions about conflict of interest and ethics laws. president have a conflict of he said. He said it would be extremely difficult to sell off his businesses because they are real estate holdings. He said that he would to do and create some kind of arrangement to separate his businesses from his work in government. He noted that he had turned over the management of his businesses to his which ethics lawyers say is not sufficient to prevent conflicts of interest. He insisted that he could still invite business partners into the White House for photographs. He said that critics were pressuring him to go beyond what he was willing to including distancing himself from his children while they run his businesses. it were up to some he would ever see my daughter Trump did not dispute reports that he had used a meeting last week with the Independence Party to raise his opposition to offshore wind farms. Trump has long complained that wind farms would mar the view from his golf course in might have brought it Trump then argued he had done so because of policy concerns about wind farms rather than any personal interest. Trump rejected the idea that he was bound by federal laws from installing his in a White House job. But he said he would want to avoid the appearance of a conflict and might instead seek to make a special envoy charged with brokering peace in the Middle East. president of the United States is allowed to have whatever conflicts he or she but I want to do Trump said. But he said that who is an observant be very in reconciling the longstanding dispute between the and the would love to be able to be the one that made peace with and the Trump adding that be very good at and that knows the lot of people tell really great people tell that impossible you do Trump added. disagree. I think you can make have reason to believe I can do he added. Trump spoke only in general terms about foreign policy. He said the United States should not a nation repeated his line from the campaign that fighting the war in was of the great mistakes in the history of our and said he has some and about how to deal with the violent civil war raging in He declined to say what those ideas are despite several requests to do so. have to end that craziness going on in he said. The said that he had talked with President V. of since winning the but he did not elaborate. He said it would be if he and could get but he rejected the idea that any warming of relations would be called a noting the criticism that received after her attempts at bettering relations between the countries failed. use that term after what Trump said. Trump made a forceful defense of whom he named as his chief strategist and who has drawn charges of racism and This called the website he platform for the a white nationalist movement. Trump said had been dismayed at the reaction to his hiring. known a long time. If I thought he was a racist or he even think about hiring Trump think having a hard time with it because not him. I think been treated very He also defended which has carried racist and saying it was no different from The only more Trump said he hoped to develop a with President with whom he said he had an unexpected rapport. really liked him a and I am a little bit surprised that I am telling you that I really liked him a he said. And Trump gloated about defying the polls and the expectations of his own party to win the and boasted of how he had taken his revenge on Republicans who kept him at a distance and then lost their own races. He said that one of Senator of New would to have a job in the thank Trump said of Ms. who lost her Senate seat to Gov. of New refused to vote for He also criticized Representative Heck of who vacillated over supporting Trump after an recording surfaced in which Trump bragged in lewd terms about grabbing women without their consent. went down like a lead Trump said of Heck. the I hope you He said Republican leaders felt indebted to him for his surprise victory. Trump in love with

J. foundation has acknowledged that it may have run afoul of rules that guard against using money meant for charity to benefit principals of the according to its 2015 tax filing. On the the the J. Trump checked to answer a question about whether its resources had been directed or used to benefit a meaning one of the central people. The tax filing offers new details about charitable which became the subject of intense scrutiny during his presidential campaign after news reports raised questions about whether he had followed through on pledges he made to donate money and his lack of financial support for the foundation. The which first reported the admission on the 2015 earlier reported that Trump had used from the charity to settle legal disputes involving his possibly violating provisions. A spokeswoman for Trump did not answer messages seeking comment on the filing. Trump and his advisers have defended his charitable practices in the noting that Trump has made significant donations personally and through the foundation. Lawyers for the foundation uploaded the tax filing on to a national database of and it was then made publicly according to representatives from It is unclear whether the Internal Revenue Service has received the filings. The 2015 form showed that Trump donated a total of that year to his nonprofit his first contribution to it since 2008 and his largest donation in a decade. The payments were made through two Trump the Trump Corporation and Trump Productions The next largest contribution that year was from a foundation connected to Victor a steel magnate. has been a major donor to the a relationship that drew scrutiny during the presidential campaign as an example of complex ties to foreign business interests. E. a senior adviser to the board of said in an email that the payment to charity was support of appearance he did by video link at a conference foundation organizes every year in in said that and Trump had met many years ago in New prompting the invitation for Trump to speak at the 2015 conference. He said the two did not have any business relationship. During the Trump praised and have had to endure a tremendous and I just think it is all going to work out well in the future for the charity reported paying out in grants for some of which was disclosed during the campaign. The donations included support for health causes like cancer research and the Red as well as for the private school attended by youngest In late T. New attorney ordered the charity to cease in the state after his office found that the foundation was not properly registered to solicit donations. office is currently investigating foundation to determine whether it is in compliance with state laws.

an teacher at Bunker Hill Community College in made a rule for For every political rant she posts on she must pick up the phone and call a legislator. kind of a swear jar for political Ms. said recently. Ms. who volunteers for liberal causes and who created a widely shared document last week to teach others her figures that a phone ringing off the hook is more difficult for a lawmaker to ignore than a flooded Activists of all political stripes recommend calling not just emailing and certainly not just venting on social media. Several along with those who work for said in interviews that Ms. is A phone call from a constituent hold more weight than an and far outweighs a post or a tweet. To understand it helps to know what happens when someone answers the phone at a office. whose jobs have included answering phones in the district offices of two Republican representatives from from 2009 to and from 2013 to 2014 said the way your points reach a lawmaker depends on how many calls the office is getting at the time and how you present your story. In some a simple process. When a caller offered an staff members would write the comments down in a compile them each month and present reports to top she said. If the lawmaker had already put out a statement on the the staff member would read it to the she said. But a large volume of calls on an issue could bring an office to a sometimes spurring the legislator to put out a statement on his or her Ms. said. She recommended the tactic in a series of tweets shared thousands of times. brings a legislative issue right to the top of the mind of a she said. makes it impossible to ignore for the whole staff. You get a whole lot else When her branch in received a lot of she contacted the office and coordinated the involving the communications the legislative director or the chief of Ms. said. While scripts found on the can be useful for people uncomfortable talking on the she suggested making the phone calls as personal as possible. In some if she was moved by a she would pass on the comments to her district she said. representatives and staffers want to hear is the individual impact of your individual she said. listen to stories for six to eight hours a day and not be profoundly impacted by A New State a said that one of his staff members would contact him after a constituent called his and that he would try to call everyone back. a perk exclusive to those who call since he sometimes gets more than 300 emails per he said. possibly do that for said. When a subject in which he lacks he the calls have made a difference. In one several retired law enforcement officers called him about a gun control law that was enacted in worried that they would have to give up their service revolvers. Senator who said he use firearms was unaware of that possibility and proposed an amendment to grant them an exception. Gov. M. granted the exception seven months after the law was passed. Most calls can be handled by staff said the Republican minority leader in the New State Assembly. Many callers just want to express an opinion and even offer a he said. In other callers who want to talk out an issue more fully could be directed to a staff member who has expertise in the said State Senator a Democrat in New Ms. who has had a calendar reminder for each morning alerting her to party said that callers often fear they will be quizzed or but that they generally just need to offer their opinion and basic personal like name and city. She implored people to be since the staff members might be getting many calls. in a way that someone Ms. said.

Your phone is pretty much a bucket of germs. Thousands of microscopic bugs crawl around on its surface. Remnants of old skin cells smudge its cover. Tiny hairs stick inside its buttons. And your hands have smeared hundreds of chemicals across its surface. The foundation on your the antidepressants you the shampoo in your shower and even the mosquito repellent you applied down in Panama four months All of these things leave traces on your hands and phone. why scientists say they can use your phone to learn a lot about your lifestyle. In a study published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences last a biochemist at the University of and his colleagues Can scientists or maybe one day police investigators profile a person based on the objects he or she They started with your which you touch on about 2,617 times a day. In the they swabbed the hands of 39 along with their producing hundreds of chemical samples. Then they used techniques from biochemistry to break analyze and identify some of the matching them with entries in a database of chemical structures. Based on the compounds common to both hands and they made inferences about each like whether they drank tea or liked citrus fruits or spent time in the sun. every molecule is a said but those that are you to build a lifestyle sketch of the particular owner or user of that The which was funded by the National Institute of a research agency of the United States Department of calls these deductions lifestyle which could be used in criminal investigations to narrow down a subject pool when or fingerprint evidence yield a match. Some legal experts said the technique could improve upon the subjective impressions of investigators. is not different in kind from what happens all the time in criminal except that it purports to do it more more and potentially more a law professor at the University of who has written about profiling and stereotyping and was not involved in the wrote in an email. The suggestion is worrisome to some forensic scientists. easy to imagine the scenario playing out in a courtroom no match from the in the Pull out the test tubes. Turn on the mass spectrometer. Cue the montage music. you watch a lot of and you can think this is coming said a forensic scientist and criminal profiler. But says that exaggerating the potential could take the actual science too far too as it has with gunshot residue analysis. As gunshot residue became a greater part of forensic scientists determined that it can turn up in places other than the hands of a person who fired a potentially creating false positives. While chemical profiling could one day find its way to a crime lab for use in limited said there was a fat chance it would ever make it into the courtroom. Expert evidence has to reach an extremely high standard for admission at which the technique may not be able to meet. a behavioral scientist at the Northwestern University School of worries that if this technique were to take investigators might ignore or undervalue other leads and push courts to prematurely admit evidence based on potentially inaccurate inferences. smoke and am rarely around cigarette but I just happened to be around someone yesterday who was smoking up a he said. what would detection of nicotine on my really say about my other than something really the lead acknowledged that even if a chemical profile could narrow down a pool of later proving and perhaps their guilt beyond a reasonable ultimately comes down to a full investigation. That means your filthy phone is more likely to reveal that you remembered your or sunscreen than it is to nail you in court.

J. Trump said on that he had no intention of pressing for an investigation into use of a private email server or the financial operations of her dropping the her pledge that became a rallying cry for his campaign for the White House. who branded his rival and said she would go to jail if he were said in an interview with reporters and editors at The New Times that he was no longer interested in pursuing in part because he wanted to heal the wounds of a divisive campaign. want to hurt the I really Trump said during the interview. went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different and I am not looking to hurt them at all. The campaign was His reversal on prosecuting was particularly striking given the outsize role the issue played during the presidential in which her use of a private email server as secretary of state became a prominent and one she has blamed for her loss to Trump. Trump said he wanted to from the subject. Without he said that have people that do perhaps a reference to the or Republicans who might continue to press for prosecutions in the email or foundation cases. But the made clear that he would not seek to pursue an investigation himself nor make it a priority after he assumes office. The decision angered some of his most fervent who immediately criticized his seeming change of heart. blared the headline on a conservative news site that has strongly backed Trump. not something that I feel very strongly Trump said at The unlike health care or immigration. has been a very painful period of aides did not respond to a request for comment about remarks. During their second Trump turned to and I I am going to instruct my attorney general to get a special prosecutor to look into your because never been so many so much After turnaround on the conservative commentator one of his staunchest supporters during the suggested on Twitter that Trump was overstepping his role. I thought we elected she wrote. we make him the His job is to pick those not do their Tom president of Judicial a conservative advocacy group that has been a relentless critic of said on that it would be a mistake for Trump to drop the threat of appointing a special counsel to look into her email use. said that although the had already investigated the matter that inquiry was flawed. His group has gained access to thousands of pages of State Department emails through lawsuits and is pressing its case in court even after her defeat. Representative a Republican who leads the House Oversight and Government Reform said last week on Fox News that his committee would continue to investigate the matter as well because got to get to the office said on he was unavailable for comment about statements. Although the email investigation is the agency still has an open inquiry into the Foundation. That inquiry began after the 2015 publication of a book by Peter that asserted that some foreign entities had given money to the foundation in return for State Department favors when was there. The have denied the assertions. The and Justice Department conduct their criminal investigations largely independently from the White so Trump cannot tell agents to close their cases. A president ordering the to stop a politically sensitive case would be a major scandal. does seem like an extraordinary breach of protocol for him to get involved in that Glen A. a former federal prosecutor in New said of the know of no recent circumstances when the president ordered an attorney general not to pursue a criminal as Trump were to order the B. to close the foundation could choose to rebuff him. directors are given terms to insulate them from political but the president still has the power to fire a as President Bill did with S. Sessions in 1993 after a Justice Department investigation uncovered ethical abuses by Sessions. In an interview last week with Trump said he had not yet decided whether to dismiss over his handling of the email saying the director have had very good reasons for doing what he As a practical remarks will probably have little impact. The investigation into emails is already closed while the one into her foundation remains senior officials and career Justice Department officials have said there is little evidence justifying moving forward with a case. When the case comes up for senior agents and prosecutors may decide to shut it but it will not be because of remarks. While the decision is likely to frustrate investigators at the who are fiercely protective of their independence to follow the facts they some legal experts applauded decision to not pursue investigations into emails or her family foundation. K. a professor at the University of Hastings College of the said he was inclined to support both moves by Trump. A decision to shut down an he not out of step with constitutional as the Constitution gives the president the power to issue pardons for federal crimes.

Jasmine was standing outside her home here on afternoon when her cellphone went Two of her who were injured when their school bus crashed on were being discharged from the hospital. The news pulled her briefly from her grief. Moments Ms. had been talking about her daughter the girl with the new who died in the same bus crash that injured two of Ms. other daughters. coming but her Ms. said as a single tear rolled down her left cheek. though she was the one who told me my baby was I just want to believe she said of her other The third daughter on is 10. believe it. You know how you try to hold on to This just north of border with reeled on as it coped with the grim toll of the deadly school bus crash. The authorities said that at least five Elementary School students four girls and a boy had and that 12 others were still hospitalized. Six of the children were in intensive care. Elsewhere in the bus K. was jailed and charged with vehicular homicide after the authorities said he had recklessly sped and swerved during his afternoon route. are heartbroken for all of our students and their said Kirk the interim schools superintendent in County. was the worst day that we have had for and for County Schools that I can recall in my life as an educator and as a parent and as a member of this Three of the students who died were in the fourth grade. The other children who were killed were in kindergarten and first but he did not identify the students. will always be with us throughout our he said. is something that we will never forget here as a The bus was removed from the scene on and crews worked along the blocked street to restore the utility pole that the police said Walker had struck. A small memorial of stuffed animals and flowers took and investigators reviewed the crash site. The National Transportation Safety Board opened an and it will be months before federal officials reach any conclusions. But the authorities moved quickly to assign and in an arrest affidavit issued on a police officer wrote that Walker had been driving a high rate of well above the posted speed limit of 30 the police Walker control of the and swerved off the narrow roadway. The which ultimately landed on its struck a an elevated a tree and a telephone pole. The explaining the decision to charge Walker with vehicular homicide and other cited reckless of his as well as very high speed and weaving within his Tests for drugs and alcohol are Chief Fletcher of the Police Department said in an interview on Federal investigators say they expect to interview who received his commercial license in and was involved in a minor bus crash in School which holds a contract to bus thousands of County students each said in a statement that it was by the The statement did not address questions about the hiring nor did it respond to reports that including Ms. had complained about Walker. A criminal history report from the Bureau of Investigation indicated that Walker had no arrests before the crash on but State Department of Safety and Homeland Security records showed that his license was suspended briefly in 2014 for an insurance violation. No one answered the door at apartment on when a woman who said she was a tried to slip a note under his door. The safety record of which is based near and says it transports more than a million schoolchildren in communities around the country each was also under scrutiny on A federal in statistics published late last said the company had received 10 fitness over the course of two years a figure better than only a fraction of other similarly sized transportation companies. The federal Department of Transportation said drivers had been involved in 346 accidents in two but the statistics did not distinguish whether the employees were to blame for the wrecks. And although federal officials had flagged for its record on driver the company had not drawn special attention for a history of unsafe driving. The Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration said the company had a safety rating. A company spokeswoman did not respond to emailed but the chairman of the National Transportation Safety A. said the panel would look into the company during its investigation. Student fatalities aboard school buses are rare in the United where an estimated 25 million children use them daily. In a May report that examined crash data between 2005 and the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said that 53 children had died in accidents while they were riding in what the government classified as transportation Emotions were raw on outside where stood around daybreak and thought about how he had not yet told his son about the crash. know how to explain said while students walked and skipped toward the school for their final day of classes before Thanksgiving break. The school district said that about 100 of approximately 315 students were in their classrooms on The crash occurred about 16 months after a gunman opened fire at two military sites in killing five servicemen. is a cursed number in our city right and so we are again dealing with unimaginable Mayor said. most unnatural thing in the world is for a parent to mourn the loss of a child. There are no words that can bring comfort to a mother or a

This election has forced to take notice of class divisions between workers. And while these divisions may at first ring of lazy stereotypes the rural Rust Belt worker without a college degree and the coastal urban worker rooted in a real dynamic. Many of the most skilled workers young people with college degrees are leaving struggling regions of for specifically for cities in Southern and coastal states. There are clear economic reasons for their choice. Dense metro areas tend to produce more jobs and make workers more productive. for all kinds of are also higher. In these incentives should prompt workers of all levels of education to move to metro areas. But moving outside region is relatively rare these and even more rare for someone without a college degree. Moving is actually quite uncommon in advanced economies. The United States has been one of the exceptions. It has one of the highest rates of internal migration among advanced and it has since at least the middle of the 19th century. A study comparing thousands of and census records between 1850 and 1880 showed that nearly of men moved across county while only a quarter of men did. For first internal migration was largely driven by farming moving west to new land. But toward the end of the 19th and in the early 20th migration began to be driven by people moving to cities small and large. This pattern added a twist after World War when more people began moving outside their local particularly to the Before the roughly 15 percent of lived outside a census division in which they were and by 1970 that had jumped to 25 percent. But in the people started moving less. Internal migration has been in gradual decline ever since across all demographic groups. In the 3 percent of men moved across state lines each over the last decade that figure has dropped to 1.7 percent. The decline is similar for women. Between 2001 and the demographic groups with the lowest rate of interstate migration were people with less than a high school diploma or nothing beyond a high school diploma Migration rates for people were roughly twice that. In the regional competition for the most skilled and most mobile workers in many states are at a disadvantage. Although they have some large they tend to be farther from other large cities than is the case in the coastal areas. The economists and Strange looked at the benefits of density and found that they tend to dissipate over distances greater than five miles. This advantage provided by clusters of cities is helpful for coastal which tend to contain many big metro like and in or the corridor stretching from to But it can be bad news for inland areas with one or two large cities that are farther and or and The flows of young college graduates out of a state can often be replaced by flows of young college graduates moving in. The problem that many interior states face is that young college graduates moving into the state keeping up with those that are leaving. of talented young people all over the country are eager to see new sights what is and a problem for is that we have an unusually low rate of said a regional economist at State in an email. Keeping young college graduates would help alleviate the effects of and technological change on these local economies. not surprising that many states with net losses in their young and populations also showed some big gains for J. Trump relative to Mitt performance in 2012. The map shows the total net migration figures for those with a college degree under 40 between 2000 and 2015. who grew up in one went to college in another and then moved somewhere else are counted as migrating from the state where they attended Rust Belt and states like and and Plains states like South and have seen the largest net losses in people. The places that are gaining college graduates tend to be coastal and Southern states like and South Two exceptions to this trend are New and states that also produce a large number of college graduates to begin with winters and a high cost of living could be One reason that inland states have a reasonable case for disappointment at not keeping their young college helping to pay to educate them. A majority of college graduates get their degrees from public which are partly funded by state governments. Of course this diminish the other important benefits that public universities bring to each but if states are losing more college graduates than they are holding or bringing effectively subsidizing other skilled labor forces. Cities in these states do have some advantages. The cost of living is mostly because housing is cheaper. Outdoor recreation is often more accessible. these areas are in a Without jobs to luring young people is hard. At the same hard to create jobs without a labor force. To not clear that one policy proposal exists that could the process. really is a he said. think anybody out there that thinks some easy In the days when cities competed for advertising low wages and reliable utilities was often enough to draw businesses. pins his hopes of attracting more workers to on efforts to market cultural amenities and natural beauty. He points to the Grand Rapids an arts festival that awards half a million dollars to as something that has brought some cultural cachet to that second largest. not all about said. got to have it be a place where people want to

An art historian in has unearthed a stained glass mural that was created in the early for the headquarters of the East secret or and had been forgotten in a shipping container for 24 years. It will go on sale at a temporary exhibition space in to coincide with the Art Beach contemporary art fair next with a price tag of million which some historians said was out of line with its value. The screen was commissioned in 1979 by the head of the Ministry of State Security. It sat in a general purpose room in the a group of buildings in the former East that is now the Museum. The work was recently found by an art historian and dealer whose uncle had bought it in 1990 and put in storage. an expert in Cold War history at the University of said was a kind of custom to make stained glass memorial things in East and he questioned the asking price for the work. struck me as odd is that it was in the headquarters and that there is no specific reference to the secret intelligence activities or the conspiracies which they indulged he said. would make it more who died in commissioned the artist who was then the chief master of glass for public works in the Democratic and one of the few East artisans trained in stained glass techniques dating back to the 14th century. who is now 84 and living in said in an email interview that his initial meeting was with a government who told him only that it would be placed in a new building complex. it was crucial that it be both artistically outstanding and politically said. he met with and the artist and a team of about 15 glaziers worked on the piece for about two completing it in 1983. Once the piece was he was not allowed to photograph it when it was installed in a ceremonial conference room in the which was open only to top members of the and other Iron Curtain intelligence agencies. The glass wall is pigmented with precious metals including 55 pounds of gold and has a hammer and sickle a slogan of the international communist movement and references to the Revolution. titled the work Peace to the Whole an incongruous title for a symbol of a repressive regime. In the center is an image of and there are two symbolizing peace both common elements in East said. rhetoric was always revolving around how they had to arm themselves in order to preserve the he said. were not After the Wall the headquarters were closed in and the assets were sold through the the state railroad company. the owner of an art logistics company and learned about the work from one of his employees who had worked for the He bought it for an unknown sum records of the sale have been and said did does not recall what he paid loaded it into a shipping and placed it in a storage lot in remembers his uncle telling him about the piece around that time. those I was not at all interested in Communist who later became an art historian specializing in Impressionist art and an art dealer for his said in a phone interview from where he was installing the piece before the opening of the fair. knew about it all these but for all these like everyone was forgetting what was he said. asked about the fate of the glass work several years ago. When said it was still probably where he left tracked it down in the neighborhood of He called a conservator who played a central role in the restoration of the sixth century Gate at the Museum in She saw the work in August 2015. the container history came she said. It was in nearly perfect she save a few cracks in the glass. and Ms. researched the history of the artwork and tracked down who shared his story with them in a videotaped interview. who is representing his uncle in the said the craftsmanship and the extraordinary story are what make the piece worth million. He said he hoped to sell it to a museum or a private individual who will donate it to a public institution. But said he would be surprised if it brought anywhere near that price. a couple of hundred thousand but millions is a bit he said. an associate researcher at University who curated an exhibition about propaganda art at the Museum in the agreed. quality of this piece is certainly not exceptional from an artistic point of he said. they will sell it for this you will see a storm of the same kind of art coming on the because many of these kinds of stained glass windows are very often in buildings from the and that used any Whatever the monetary the history associated with it has a complex message for viewers who lived through the era. grew up in the and I still have a hard time with Ms. said. we need to save the dark parts of our too. very colorful and but most important is that it shows that the artists in the were not she said. did what the dictators

Trump vs. the news media. J. transition update is grabbing attention for how it was delivered on an video laying out his goals for creating jobs. The video underscores how Trump may try to navigate around traditional news outlets. Trump also met privately with executives and anchors at the major networks and was said to have called their campaign coverage dishonest. who has not held a news conference since winning the will meet with representatives of The Times today after saying this morning that he would not attend. Threat to investigate is dropped. Trump does not intend to pursue inquiries into use of a private email server or the financial operations at the which he vowed to do during the second presidential debate. A senior adviser said the president elect wanted to beyond the issues of the business dealings. During a recent Trump encouraged a politician to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that he believes will mar the view from one of his golf according to a media consultant who was present. we look at how an obscure provision of the Constitution poses risks for Trump if he continues to reap benefits from dealings with companies controlled by foreign governments. Deadly school bus crash in The driver was charged with vehicular homicide after at least five children were killed when the bus overturned and hit a tree in Nearly three dozen elementary school students were on board. Displaced in The military campaign to oust the State from is in its sixth week. Our photographer and reporter covering the battle focus on an intensifying humanitarian the thousands of residents trying to flee. Stories of anguish like one from a man searching for his parents are common. have not heard from he told our reporter. am always North pipeline protest. In our latest 360 a lifelong resident of the Standing Rock Reservation talks about his relationship to the land and the and his fear for their future. Law enforcement officials defended their recent use of fire hoses against despite temperatures below freezing. Rewriting history. The fallout from revelations of doping program is altering the record books for the 2008 and 2012 Summer in and The retesting of stored urine samples has incriminated at least 40 medal winners. Earlier we dissected the making of a fake news story. we look at a pizzeria that is reeling from menacing calls and abuse after fake stories claimed it was a site. the owner says of the threats. Worried about hacking or or Here are seven steps to protect your digital life. Sabra is recalling some varieties of hummus with a date of or over concerns. Life at call centers in and the is the subject of a new which opens a window to the world on the other end of the line. much do they How important is this job for Does it help their families or I wanted to have answers to he writes. stocks were up on a snapshot of global markets. to hand out prestigious award. and Bill and Gates will be among the 21 receiving the Presidential Medal of Freedom today. It is the highest civilian honor. West hospitalized. Exhaustion has landed the rapper in the and he has canceled the remainder of his his representative said. in on West delivered a meandering speech on politics and the music industry. In memoriam. an has died at 88. He focused his darkly funny short stories and novels on sadness of Here are excerpts from some of his works. may have one of the best jobs in the world. Ms. searches old cookbooks to recreate forgotten dishes as a way of studying the effects of earlier cooking on modern eating. One of her most notable endeavors was drinking like a man in colonial following accounts that had her slugging hard cider and a hot toddy before noon. Recipe of the day. Bake a with spicy broccoli and cheese. the family road trip. Every country with cars knows the and this week the United States will see some of its busiest traveling days of the year with the Thanksgiving holiday. predicts that 43.5 million will be on the roads. What to do as going over the river and through the woods to While and screens have made it easier to pass the time while on the the games of yesteryear can offer a twinge of nostalgia for adults and a option to entertain the kids. Whether spotting roadside novelties as in I Spy or Bingo or vehicles from different states as in the license plate game most games are variations on a scavenger hunt. which depends on spotting a dwindling supply of old could just be an exercise in In car snooker adapts the rules of the variant of billiards on which requiring players to spot vehicles of different colors. Earlier this The Times also collected favorite travel games from readers is titled What I Perhaps in the aftermath of a contentious getting to dinner might be more fun than the destination itself.

Earlier Through his has said he does not have the experience to run a major federal yet there he cozying up to be the next secretary of housing and urban development. What a neurosurgeon knows about housing policy is not but is clearly in the running. you know our inner cities are in terrible and they definitely need some real he told Fox News on there have been so many promises made over the last several decades and nothing has done. The housing post was of the offers on the confirmed. Another name surfacing for a domestic cabinet former Representative Ford a moderate as possible transportation secretary. Why He is a frequent guest on and the has the ear. a Democrat who has been willing to ruffle feathers on exactly take herself out of the running to be education but she did push back at critics who do not approve of her visits to Trump Tower. as it turns care all that much about private email server. But there are consequences. When his senior announced that the incoming administration would not pursue the investigation of private email the response from the right was swift. blared the conservative website that promoted candidacy and gave him the mastermind of his K. The conservative provocateur was no more subtle. Judicial the conservative legal organization that has doggedly pursued and former President Bill also chimed Ms. said that it was now intention to move beyond the issues of the campaign and focus on the task of running the country instead. Trump can help her then perhaps a good Ms. said on the Of the attorney general is supposed to be but things may not work the usual way with President Trump. think when the also the head of your tells you before even inaugurated that he wish to pursue these it sends a very strong tone and to fellow Ms. said. W. the former New City mayor who is expected to serve somewhere in the new told the news media at Trump Tower that the was making a tough call. a tradition in politics that after you win an you sort of put things behind said. if the decision he perfectly consistent with sort of a historical pattern of things come you say a lot of even some bad things might and then you can sort of put it behind you in order to unite the nation. So if he made that I would be supportive of it. also be supportive of continuing the But Trump has lofty ambitions. a former Marine Corps is no fan of which could present problems if he becomes secretary of defense. Because the is a really big fan. As recently as Trump said in a video that he would scuttle President energy and environmental regulations put in place to fight climate change to unleash coal and hydraulic fracturing. Yet in his meeting with Times reporters and he seemed to soften on climate which he used to call a hoax. the interim chairwoman of the Democratic National took to Medium to make the case that Democrats need not but they do need to get back to work. On the one she On the with Republican gains in state the party is working off a structural disadvantage. She As a Trump proposed ramping up surveillance of mosques and a moratorium on compelling to a surge in registering to vote. a lot of them actually voted for Trump. According to an exit poll of 2,000 voters conducted by the Council on or 13 percent backed while 74 percent supported That is nearly twice as much support as Mitt the 2012 Republican received from voters four years ago. a spokesman for said strength with was somewhat but that about 15 percent of do identify themselves as Republicans and that did little direct outreach to were aspects of candidacy that either appealed to them or it was a vote against said. might not necessarily have been as much a vote of confidence for Trump as an expression of no confidence in The votes may have been since Trump won which has one of the largest populations in the country by barely more than 11,000 votes. Some of descent voted for believing he would support President of More there may have been a split in the rust where more generally favored Trump. of The Post continues his dogged pursuit of the Trump reporting that the charitable organization has apparently admitted that it violated the legal prohibition against That prohibition prohibits nonprofit leaders from using their money to help their or their families. The news came in a tax filing for 2015 that was posted on the nonprofit tracking service on less than two weeks after Election Day. Trump famously told the world and during a presidential debate that he would appoint a special prosecutor if elected with the express purpose of putting his political opponent in jail. There may be a practical reason the new president would pull back. The latest tally shows leading Trump in the popular vote by 1,754,204 votes. Pursuing her might not prove very popular. Her leadership is being challenged. The complaints about an aging slate of commanders are growing louder. So Representative of the House minority has issued a plan. In a letter to House Democrats on she promised to create No. 2 posts on each House committee to be filled by a Democrat with four terms or less in the House. When the post of assistant Democratic leader filled by Representative of South who is also is it will be filled via an election with a member who has served three terms or less. No. 2 House Representative of is Other offers were made along with a vow to fight any effort by the Republican leadership and Trump to privatize the Veterans Affairs hospitals and add private insurance vouchers to compete with

THANK YOU FOR BEING Guide to Thriving in the Age of L. pp. From Trump to to Marine one thing that unites the unhappy West is a profound sense of mystification. Across and North people have an acute feeling that their world is accelerating away from them but they quite understand why. There is no narrative. Hence the attraction of leaders who it like it and identify convenient like immigrants or the Union. But what most people really crave is an honest explanation. As with patients on a the first step is to understand what is going wrong. Then you can decide on the medication. Into this darkened room steps Tom While other journalists dream of being investigative reporters or news L. is a whose goal is to be a from to And he is extremely good at it. A talent for explanation has garnered him a column at The New Times and a string of books on huge subjects like and climate change. Snooty critics might grumble about his folksy but it is hard to think of any other journalist who has explained as many complicated subjects to so many people. Now he has written his most ambitious book part personal part manifesto. You for Being has two overt aims. wants to explain why the world is the way it is why so many things seem to be spinning out of especially for the white middle class he grew up in. And then he wants to reassure us that it is basically going to be In general the explanation is more convincing than the reassurance. But as a guide for perplexed this book is very hard to beat. argues that man is actually a fairly adaptable creature. The problem is that our capacity to adapt is being outpaced by a built from three ever faster the market and climate change. That sounds like a predictable but digs cleverly into each one. For on technology he argues convincingly that which saw the arrival of the Android and was the year when software in the words of the he introduces us to vital obscure like and he points out that if law the power of microchips would double about every two had applied to the capabilities of not computer then the modern descendant of the 1971 Beetle would travel at 300,000 miles per cost 4 cents and use one tank of gasoline in a lifetime. The chapters on climate change and the market are stuffed with similar nuggets. But also shows how all three forces complicating and speeding up one another. In climate change is wrecking crops even as technology is helping more children so a population of 19 million will reach 72 million hungry people by 2050. On trading technology and markets create so a operating out of his flat by can make the index fall 9 percent in a And will keep getting faster. There are already at least 10 billion things connected to the but that is still less than 1 percent of the possible total as ever more gadgets and bodies join of Man has sped up his own response times. It now takes us only 10-15 years to get used to the sort of technological changes that we used to absorb in a couple of but what good is that when technology becomes obsolete every five to seven The supernova is making a joke of both patent law and education. companies and individuals are all struggling to keep up. It can be bewildering even for the winners like himself. In he was queuing up to phone his stories from telephone now he can email a column from deep in that appears almost instantaneously on the Times website and provokes a rapid reaction from China. In two and a half years researching this he had to interview all the main technologists at least because things changed so quickly. Like everybody he has no time to The title comes from an offhand comment to a friend whose tardiness allowed a few welcome minutes of contemplation. For the most You for Being is a master class in explaining. It canters along at a pace that is quick enough to permit learning without getting bogged down. Inevitably he sometimes gets the balance either allowing his informants to ramble or skating over a thorny For having admitted that productivity numbers have not forward in the same way that technology he asks in to trust they will. the folksiness will still irk some The starting point for the book is a chat with a parking with another attendant from waiting near the end. But criticizing for humanizing and boiling down big topics is like complaining that used sex to sell It is what he does well. There is also a value in bringing things together in putting foreign policy beside climate change. And be fooled by the catchy slogans not into and so As usual with it is all backed up by pages of serious reporting from around the world. this complaint is that the explaining is too convincing. Lying on the listening to him in his guise as Tom you ever more the reasons the world is spinning so fast. It is not all Along the way we discover that the created more teller jobs at banks it allowed banks to increase the number of There are inspiring stories of communities rising to the and a memorable paean to the virtues of chickens from Bill Gates empower keep children healthy and But respite from these There is there is not going to be and attempts to stop it all will do more damage than good. This makes it harder to reassure us that it is all going to be fine. produces a list of 18 things that the government should from setting up a health system to passing deals and building infrastructure. If the politicians in accomplished even a quarter of his the United States would be better at coping with change. But is too honest a reporter to argue that will happen soon. Asked why some biological systems the environmentalist are all highly adaptive and all the rest is It is hard to put in the highly adaptive category. main cause for optimism is based on a trip back to St. the suburb where he grew up. This is perhaps the most memorable part of the book a piece of sustained reportage that ranks alongside to masterly first book about the Middle East. He points out that the same communal virtues that made work when he was young have survived and are still useful. But the passages that lingered with this reader were the ones about the good old days that have disappeared when baseball used to be a sport that everybody could afford to when local boys like the young could caddy at the United States when everybody in town went to public schools. So you finish this book thinking everything is going to be for the unhappy West that can dance in a There is no easy pill to and most of the ones being proffered by the extremists are poison. But after your session with you have a much better idea of the forces that are upending your how they work together and what companies and governments can do to prosper. You do have a coherent narrative an cohesive explanation for why the world is the way it without miracle cures or scapegoats. And that is why everybody should hope this book does very well indeed.

Maybe I have been surprised that Trump could be elected but I was. I live in and work in two of the most liberal places in the country. But even I seeing many signs of support for him. How did that blindness Social media is my portal into the rest of the world my periscope into the communities next to my into how the rest of the world thinks and feels. And it completely failed me. In that failure makes sense. spent nearly 10 years coaching and and Twitter on what kinds of news and photos I want to and they all behaved accordingly. Each time I liked an or clicked on a or hid the algorithms that curate my streams took notice and showed me only what they thought I wanted to see. That meant I realize that most of my family who live in rural were voicing their support for Trump and I see any of the that were in heavy circulation before the election. I never saw a Trump hat or a sign or a shirt in my and the only Election Day I saw were of people declaring their support for To be not blaming the algorithms for what I assume to be their role in augmenting my They did exactly what I told them to blocking out misogynist and hiding anyone who support Black Lives all with such deftness that I had no idea that a candidate who ran a campaign on exactly those values had gained enough popularity to win the election. But considering that more than 40 percent of our population consumes news on finding alternative perspectives have been that hard. I knew about theory on filter or the idea that personalization distorts the type of information we and even I still chose to let algorithms shape how I perceive the world. Everything I could want to see is available at my and yet I look. In Mark chief executive of addressed a room of developers about the importance of his social network. he has the power to bring people together who might otherwise never have the chance to meet. has enabled all of us to access and share more ideas and information than ever he said. gone from a world of isolated communities to one global and we are all better off for But not what has happened. idealism is belied by his desire to duck responsibility for mediating the content of his site. On the political divide has only been entrenched further. the dress only for our entire We are two one that sees blue and black and the other that sees white and gold. The once offered outlets we could use to understand one another. But they are rapidly disappearing. Most social media like and is curated by software built to manage the high influx of information flowing into but there have still been a few islands of digital a of where culture thrived untouched. They included Vine closure was announced in and and even which were homes for marginalized theories and lifestyles. The Vine was the first place I got a glimpse of cultures beyond my including those of the Middle East. I was able to see how some women there wanted us to see aware. A young woman living in who goes by the name used Vine to show clips of herself living her life her version of normalcy at the goofing off at home. In her most viral she stares into the her face covered in a save for her perfectly outlined eyes. called me she snaps. The emphasis on the last word becomes the punch line as she whips off one to reveal a second underneath. I was thrilled to realize that women living there could have a sense of humor similar to my own. Vine was born as an and intended to be a social community. But Vine links could be shared independent of the and people did so with meaning that Vines appeared around the defying the sorting mechanism of streams and feeds. They could land on your screen via text direct email. Vine was a riff on one originally posted by a young black named who was miffed that someone thought she needed makeup to be pretty. You can draw a straight line from brown women in to black women in a marvel unto a window into the way the flattens space and time a vivid example of its fulfilling its promise to bridge divides. At it had more than 200 million monthly users who watched videos billions of and it excelled at showing these sorts of black kids in New lived and looked a lot like white kids in the very they shared a similar humor and taste in which gave me hope that they would share a sense of humanity as And yet which owns Vine and is struggling to turn a profit while keeping its main service appealing to could seemingly no longer afford to keep the video feature reportedly costs millions a month to afloat. Following news about decision to close the there were rumors that outside companies made inquiries about purchasing remains. But most likely too late to salvage the community there. In its earlier offered its own version of cultural exchange. The had an incredible series on that gave users direct windows into different worlds. People submitted short video diaries about life in their which the company compiled into a single viewable by anyone using the I remember feeling delighted watching people in and showing off their routines and customs. But the company is now prioritizing which feature more mainstream events like the Super Bowl and music festivals. The effect is still but less intimate. seems to be betting that people are more interested in the familiar. The future of the platform whose endless warren of rabbit holes about gender critical feminist thought and identity politics is unlike any other on the is the most uncertain. its parent succumbed to financial struggles and has announced plans to be acquired by raising questions about the future of its properties. What seeing with and Vine reflects a larger shift in the economy. by and is not lucrative at a scale that satisfies and as a most companies are changing direction toward other revenue streams. One of the more significant shifts is the move into social messaging. Semiprivate messaging applications group text threads and applications like is owned by and Slack have grown in popularity as people move away from public arenas for a shift caused in part by spikes in unchecked harassment on major social networks. New features are introduced it to make messaging with your friends more The latest version of the software includes the ability to make messages with confetti. now offers the ability to tag people in as you might tag them in a photograph These changes have probably been spurred by messaging applications which used similar features to attract and retain customers. a company that built an addictive messaging with 220 million monthly users had one of the biggest initial public offerings billion earlier this These new messaging features work to bind private groups tighter by making it more fun to talk to one another than to engage with the world at large. What happens when we would rather look I have found something of an answer in a short story called Great by about search for signs of alien life. The story is narrated by a parrot in home to one of the largest radio telescopes in the world. desire to make a connection is so strong that created an ear capable of hearing across the the creature begins. I and my fellow parrots are right here. Why they interested in listening to our The paradox is not to be We are more interested in locating alien species than understanding the humanity among the species we already live with. The story ends on a somber note. activity has brought my kind to the brink of the narrator explains. do it maliciously. They just paying lesson hits hard in this new political and cultural moment. Social media seemed to promise a way to better connect with instead it seems to have made it easier to tune out the people we agree with. But if we pay attention to one we might as well not live on the same planet at all.

In then a financial reporter at The New published the book The Art of Being the talked to sources with an view of J. who concluded that the net worth was million to rather than the billion to billion Trump had variously claimed. who had courted by taking him for rides in his and private sued for libel in New Jersey in 2006. Trump called a on the show continuing to curry favor with him privately. Warner was also named in the suit and hired top lawyers who put Trump through an unsparing deposition. Asked about his Trump was caught lying or exaggerating 30 times. thought get a friendly and we would roll says who is now the executive editor of View. The case went through four judges and was dismissed in 2009. suit against is one of seven forays Trump and his companies have made as libel plaintiffs. He won only when a defendant failed to appear. But the standard measure defending his reputation and achieving victory in court how Trump says he thinks about his investment. spent a couple of bucks on legal and they spent a whole lot he told The Post in March about the hefty sum he spent on the case against did it to make his life which happy Trump was Warner Books spent less than he and paid nothing. But that make central idea any less that libel law can be a tool of revenge. disconcerting for a maybe not as rich as he plaintiff to treat the legal system as a weapon to be deployed against critics. Once installed in the White Trump will have a wider array of tools at his and his record suggests more than his he will try to use the press and also control and subdue it. As a Trump blustered vaguely that he wanted to up our libel I asked his Hope by email what he meant by but she answer the question others I not within the direct powers to change the rules for libel suits. But our legal safeguards for writers and publishers foolproof. In the last few Trump has been joined by at least two billionaires who are determined to exploit cracks in the wall of defense around the press. The members of this club are innovators. They have sued or funded suits to defend reputations or protect privacy. But an underlying aim appears to be to punish critics like or even destroy entire media outlets. This kind of manipulation of the law is unfolding at a keen moment of weakness for the which has already been buffeted by falling revenue and mounting public disaffection. Only 40 percent of the public the lowest rate since at least the trusts the media report the news accurately and according to a survey conducted in 2015. This mistrust has been growing for a long but it was stoked by Trump during the campaign. He called the reporters who covered him and whipped up yelling and booing crowds. There is no consensus among his supporters that the press should hold those in power accountable. A recent Pew survey found that only half of Trump backers agreed that it was important in a strong democracy that organizations are free to criticize political Media outlets have won many cases by persuading a judge to dismiss them. But since they have succeeded in only 39 percent of the libel and privacy suits that have gone to a dip from 52 percent in the previous according to the Media Law Resource Center. The median damage award has increased fivefold since the to million. The figure includes three big verdicts over the last eight against Rolling Stone and The News Observer in These include libel and too early to say that the sky is falling on the press. But darkening. The high bar for winning a libel case in the United States was set in when the Supreme Court decided New Times v. In that widely hailed as one of the strongest stands for free a city commissioner who supervised the police in sued The Times over an ad in the newspaper signed by 100 civil rights supporters. The ad turned out to include minor factual errors. said its depiction of how the police responded to civil rights protests made him look bad. Under the rules at the a libel plaintiff was entitled to victory if he could show that the content that harmed his reputation was false. The jury agreed with on that point and awarded him in damages equivalent of about million With similar cases The Times pulled its reporters out of But when the newspaper appealed to the Supreme the justices threw out the verdict and set a far stiffer standard for proving libel. The court wrote that a public figure has to prove that a false and damaging statement about him was published with translated as or reckless disregard for the By the the number of libel suits and if suits did go to they frequently ended in defeat for the plaintiff. In two examples from that Gen. sued and the defense sued Time magazine. Neither man won damages. Those as well as losses in other a major deterrent for plaintiffs and their says executive director of the Media Resource Law Center formerly a lawyer for The New subject to the same market forces. They can treat suing the press as an with the payoff at a the expense and time required for the other side to produce documents and sit for depositions. In the magazine Mother published a story about the billionaire Frank a major donor to a that supported the Republican presidential Mitt In in response to a he sponsored billboards that public television promote the homosexual lifestyle to your The magazine wrote that a gay Peter and and his reporting after he helped break a story in 2005 about a history of pedophilia by a Boy Scouts camp counselor in Falls. The portrayal of was based partly on several ads that he placed in The Falls Post Register. was upset at the implications for the Boy and the ads called a and attacked him for having personal ax to sued Mother for libel over the article. wanted to give me a public beating because I made a sizable donation to Mitt he told me. who owns an also said the Mother article cost him customers. Over three years of which included turning over internal Mother racked up about million in legal fees. Insurance cover the whole cost. suit was a huge drain on editor in chief of the told me. still digging our way Judge finally threw out suit in finding that Mother statements about him were either substantially true or opinions protected by the First Amendment. But took the unusual step of including a section in her opinion partially supporting his underlying accusing the magazine of rather than recognizing its approach as squarely within the tradition of investigative journalism. Despite his declared himself and announced that he was creating a of True Liberty to aid other people who want to sue the The fund has grown to between million and he told with five times that amount so that soon as something hits we think is worth we can go after It was another Peter who realized the full potential of bankrolling other lawsuits. an influential figure in Silicon Valley who was a founder of and sits on the board of is now an adviser to Trump. and other Silicon Valley executives were regular targets of aggressive reporting and mockery. In the site ran an article titled Is Totally sue on his own behalf. But he secretly paid a at least million to sue Gawker on behalf of a suite of plaintiffs. Neither or Harder will say how many suits but Harder has filed at least five against the website and its writers and editors. also represents Trump in a million suit in the United States against the tabloid The Daily Mail and a for calling her an When role was revealed by said his goal was about revenge and more about specific Asked in about his would have turned it into this very different that this billionaire trying to squash the First declined to comment for this Last while role remained one of the suits he funded went to trial in The the aging Hulk sued Gawker for violating his privacy by publishing a brief video clip in 2012 that showed him having sex. whose real name is Terry G. testified that he was emotionally devastated. Yet when he learned of the existence of the sex tape seven months Hogan appeared on joking about having sex with common for judges to dismiss privacy suits when the plaintiff has encouraged news interest. In a preliminary ruling before the Court of Appeals said that Gawker posted the sex tape as part of an public citing appearance on and later on Stern But Judge who presided over the instructed the jury to decide for itself whether the publication of the sex tape was offensive to a reasonable and of legitimate concern to the The jury seemed to channel the low regard for the press when they awarded Hogan million in damages. just about punishment of these individuals and one juror told after the trial. had to do it enough where it makes an example in society and other media Within two parent company declared bankruptcy. Gawker was sold and ceased publication. In the since New Times v. the United States has often held itself up to the world as a beacon for the free press. libel the theory protects writers and publishers better than the laws of countries like where easier to win a libel judgment. Yet giant jury awards topple publications in the United The country has an unofficial damages cap of about legal publishers in treat compensating someone whose reputation they have harmed as a cost of doing business. And less risky for them to apologize for a story that turns out to be wrong. are limits on damages for malpractice suits against says dean of the Law School. not for tempting to treat demise as unique or deserved. But a false form of a former editor of the Tom argued in August. Every publication prepared to absorb the damage when it makes a he wrote on Gawker. covert campaign against Gawker did was to invisibly change the terms of the risk The told his is that live in a country where a billionaire can put a publication out of new here are two forces squeezing journalism like pincers. The first is a figure like willing to place bets on lawsuit after lawsuit until he hits on a winning combination of judge and jury. The second is the animosity toward the now fueled by the president. Juries tend to reflect public sentiment and have recently penalized not just an irreverent site like but also a newspaper doing investigative work. In The News which is more than 100 years went to trial over a libel claim brought by a former state ballistics agent in North who sued regarding two articles from 2010 that included by independent firearms that she had falsified evidence to help prosecutors win a murder trial. The agent said that the suspicions were untrue and that she was effectively being accused of a crime. The News Observer stands by its reporting. But the jury found against the paper and ordered it to pay the amount exceeded the cap on damages and is likely to be lowered to million. The News Observer plans to appeal. In the week before the a writer for followed the Trump which meant sitting in the pen where reporters were confined at rallies. He realized that the function was to turn the press into a prop. he imagined Trump saying to his fans. rounded up a passel of those elites you detest. And caged them for Trump has continued to treat the press as a or a punching since his election. The weekend after his he railed against The New Times on Twitter for its and highly inaccurate coverage of the Trump thrives on media but also clear that as the press sinks in the any tough coverage of him will come to seem less credible. The media also serves as an receptacle for blame. Asked on why immigrants and have expressed fear of his Trump reckon with any of his own statements. He think built up by the Whatever feelings about the New Times v. will surely survive his presidency. The case is and in the last several the Supreme Court has moved to not the reach of the First Amendment. And states have taken To prevent people from using the and the discovery to silence or retaliate against their 28 states and the District of have enacted laws the acronym stands for lawsuit against public that Trump could appoint judges who would find a way around the usual press protections. More he could ask his Justice Department to prosecute journalists who report leaks from his administration. Justice Department investigated but charge also possible that the press will be a meeker watchdog because of subtler changes that are harder to track. As the head of the executive the president exerts a great deal of control over access to information. Federal agencies have power to shape the state of the they also describe it for us by producing reams of facts and which in turn shape our assessment of our elected leaders. Trump could hire people who cancel funding for government reports or research that serve his or who suppress findings the administration like. The new president will be a man who constantly accuses the media of getting things wrong but routinely misrepresents and twists facts himself. single goal will be to burnish their predicts of the Trump administration. There are of new efforts to harness the law to the cause of cowing the press. choice for chief ran the News Network before joining campaign last summer. announced last week that it was a lawsuit against a major media for calling a Even if is the threat will discourage other news outlets from using that term to describe and that will in turn help and seem more acceptable to the mainstream. Trump was right about one You have to win every case to advance in the larger legal war.

A single spark can start a prairie said. And being accused of a bigoted outburst can start a wildfire on the in as a manager for the has learned to his regret. Greater China said it had removed a manager after a The emailed statement from the a unit of which makes cars and other prestigious did not identify the manager or say exactly what he had done. But the news media and users have been much blunter. They accused the president and chief executive of Trucks and Buses of insulting the people on during a squabble with a driver over a parking spot on the outskirts of The controversy took off this week after a user of a popular accused of insulting people after a standoff over the parking spot in a district in northeast where many foreigners and live in townhouse communities that rub shoulders with poorer residents who used to be farmers. am in China one year told the motorist in according to the which The News said came from a friend of the motorist. It said went on to first thing I learned here and then used a crude insult to describe you The account also said used pepper spray against members of the gathering including one man whose eyes were hurt by the spray. has not commented publicly on the quarrel and did not respond to and neither nor the police in have shared so it was impossible to know whether he agreed with that description of events. Even the news media and many users seized on as an example of arrogant Western bigotry and demanded that he and apologize. He became the latest example of the power of the to humble companies and people accused of wounding national pride. people think this was making a mountain out of a said an editorial on in Southern an official newspaper for the southern province of it some foreign companies use racially prejudiced words and actions about even Foreign executives become arrogant about the the newspaper said. a had worked at the truck and bus unit since after a stint in South according to his profile on The controversy over has come hard on the heels of another volatile when H. a Union commissioner from apologized after making crudely disparaging comments about people. Greater China said on that it was about the dispute and stressed that such comments by employees not represent according to news reports. But as the public anger in China grew on the company acted and announced departure from his job. In making the Greater China said the while a private was to the standing of our unbecoming of a manager of our brand and prejudicial to our good news reports celebrated the decision as a victory for good and many appeared to assume that had been fired from But the corporate communications office for Greater China did not answer questions about whether had been dismissed by the company or moved perhaps pending a new assignment elsewhere in the company. Global a popular said it was understandable that frustrated drivers in a painfully congested would exchange sharp words over parking spots. no matter how filthy the hearts should not be the newspaper said. no explaining away an argument that escalates to using

I love telling people from Maybe my defense mechanism for when people accuse me of being a coastal out of touch with Real I like fulfilling all the stereotypes. I love cheese and cheese of course. I love our sports teams out of a vague sense of And my accent hard comes out in full force after ah beers. Mostly I love my who has called home for 88 years. Her parents immigrated to from and she started public school without knowing a word of She forgot most of the her parents taught her years but taught me the words to the that we would sometimes hear when my family would go to a night fish fry. Up until I still believed my moral baseline bent toward empathy. The I thought I where I lived for 21 was filled with complex but fundamentally decent people who recognized that everyone is deserving of respect and could disagree without being disagreeable. The state did elect Walker as governor in and the legislature gutted setting off huge protests in the Capitol. But I think that state would vote for J. turning its 10 electoral votes to a Republican for the first time since 1984. come we even voted for As much as Trump won the election in lost it. Her which prided itself on employing all the data wizards and ground game gurus money can did not do nearly enough to lock down the upper particularly and and instead treated those states as a given. is the mayor of capital in cerulean County. He supported Senator Sanders in the Democratic and said he talked at least once a week with a field organizer from the Sanders campaign during the primary. But once locked up the it was radio silence from the campaign. I first held elected office in the early virtually every presidential been either by the candidate or by a he told me. not saying this to say important. But the point not only she in the but I never got a a anything after the President by made two campaign stops in during the 2012 including a huge rally with on the before Election Day. frustration with the campaign was apparent. understand the strategy. never seen an explanation for other than assuming that they wanted not just a but a smashing victory the kind that Trump he said. voter turnout in 2016 was the lowest been in 20 years. Roughly 40,000 fewer Democrats voted in County this year than did in 2012. The drop in turnout in County might be partially attributed to a voter identification law in the state. In a federal judge found that roughly 300,000 registered voters in lacked the necessary photo ID card to vote under the new and a of those voters were low income. election watchers have said the voter ID law alone could not have flipped the state in favor. did not visit once after the Democratic National Convention in Neither did President or Sanders made multiple trips to the state on behalf of but that was not enough to gin up enthusiasm. Like most of the my friends and family in were shocked that Trump won the and the election. My mom says still in my dad has progressed comfortably to anger. My has been coping with the election result with characteristic wit. listening to Trump speeches about I was convinced to she emailed me. I hate Throughout the general the surrogates appeared reassured to the point of hubris that they would be able to convert moderate Republican voters in suburbs. every Democrat we lose in western we will pick up two moderate Republicans in the suburbs in and you can repeat that in and and New Senator Chuck said in This line of thinking was not just but disastrously so. In won 59 of 72 counties. This 59 counties voted for Trump. Republicans successfully built on the map that helped to elect Walker to the mansion while the campaign was looking to run up the score in states like and A triumvirate of Republicans also helped elect both actively and passively. there is who worked his way up from Republican politics in to head the Republican National and to serve as chief of staff. Then there is House Speaker D. who now has a historic opportunity to pass his agenda through Congress. recovered from his own failed presidential will now oversee the Republican Governors Association. is a longtime radio host in who became a voice on the right for the movement. After 23 years on the he will retire from his radio show this year. Along with being a vocal opponent of the Trump he has taken on a new role as chief apologizer for media. He expressed frustration with his he had gradually grown immune to any inconvenient fact presented to them. While he read news from The Politico and National Review throughout the his audience seemed to glean most of its news from Fox talk radio and their feeds. On his radio program last played a sound bite of S. current head of the National Security suggesting the government had made a to sway the election in favor. asked his we all agree that this is a big deal and we ought to do something about He opened the phone and the first call was from who believe it. I believe any of sighed. break through he said. is way harder to knock that stuff down than you would He says he is but not to see conservative media falling in line and supporting cabinet picks. is the monster he said. of the worst elements of the conservative media have now been empowered. Every one of them has got a strut. now has a pipeline to the White House. I think about spent half of 2016 arguing that conservatism was fundamentally incompatible with what Trump was offering his party. conservatism has been I in being aggressive but and very and also proving that you can do things and be rewarded by the he said. Trump has certainly been aggressive if not very and he has proved that you can run an campaign and still win even in the The I know like to argue about politics in and certainly not at the Thanksgiving table. We are creatures of we like to make ourselves or others we loathe confrontation. But this year seems to bring with it a moral imperative to have uncomfortable conversations about the very real stakes of this election. This year we may need to break the worry less about being nice and talk more about what it means to be decent.

The dean of announced on that he was stepping down at the end of the academic year to become provost of Northwestern University. As a scholar of history and one of the highest ranking minorities at last year found himself at the center of a storm of student protests challenging what they described as a racially charged atmosphere on campus. As protests over the treatment of minorities stretched across the country in recent impassioned college students have demonstrated on campuses from New to At the protests were set off by an email about costumes that some students considered to be culturally but included the history and the way it has dealt with race. the first black dean of was uniquely situated to address the and he embraced some student like calling for a more diverse faculty. But he was also criticized by some students who said he should have worked harder to address concerns about race on campus. said he was approached about the position at Northwestern and was drawn by the prospect of a new adventure at a strong research institution in the greater area. He said he did not decide to leave because of the protests. protests did not play a role in my decision to he wrote in an email. not that I enjoyed the but I do recognize them as a logical expression of frustration. Even though the protests were profoundly uncomfortable and at times rather be at a place where the students cared enough to speak up and take has spent 22 years at including his time there as a graduate student. An article in The New Times last year about his role during the protests said he regularly wore one of his six ties to work. He became dean of the college in and is leaving three years into his term. News of departure was first reported by The Daily News. change and more challenges are sure to and when they they will highlight the many differences among wrote in an email to the community. these I sincerely hope that you will all remember that you are at your strongest when you acknowledge these differences and yet support one another despite

The critical weekend before Election Day was set to be a busy one for Gov. of New he was to campaign for J. Trump in the battleground states of New and Then that a federal jury convicted two of the former aides in the Bridge trial. a canceled the campaign events and accepted a new The night before Election he appeared on not to talk about his presidential but to defend himself against weeks of damaging testimony in the trial. In the orbit around Trump like the one around prizes loyalty the moves so close to the election were seen as proof that for all his early support of was out more for himself than for the man at the top of the ticket. He may as well have been broadcasting that Trump was going to lose. Three days after he won the Trump deposed as leader of his transition team. Many fingers pointed at whose father had been sent to prison by then the top federal prosecutor in New on charges of tax evasion and illegal campaign contributions. But unceremonious dismissal was more a pileup of grievances in the weeks before the according to interviews with people close to the governor and the campaign. No one has publicly ruled out a role for in the Trump on the governor was among those the met with at his golf club in But the meeting was much shorter than others that only about 20 minutes. The two men emerged before cameras just before for a handshake that looked almost like a tug of war. The governor smiled and Trump gave no indication that he was under consideration for any jobs unlike with other potential job candidates he met. The jobs wanted friends say he would have liked to have been White House chief of staff or attorney general have been assigned to others. fall in the Trump circle was weeks in the making. There was already particularly from former Mayor W. of New and from children. they had gone after an tape was released in which Trump made vulgar comments about the governor first canceled show then emerged on the radio the next week to call comments Spending on the Trump transition which was was already higher than what the transition team of the Democratic had even though polls showed her winning. And some around Trump complained that was using his post to promote his own including his former chief of staff and his former law who were running the team day to and one of his longtime Bob who had been recommended for several positions. The friendship between and while never has always been pragmatic. And several people interviewed said they had begun to patch up any break with a conversation on the after the removed the governor as leader of his transition team. That continued with the meeting on at the golf not far from home. the leader of the Republican minority in the New Jersey Assembly and one of the most steadfast Trump and are the type that loyal to their and I suspect that long term it will work whether a position now or But the Trump roller coaster has been particularly jolting for The two men according to through a federal shortly after became United States attorney for New Jersey in 2002. liked to be around who owned several casinos in liked to know people in charge. As the testimony in the trial began planning a run for president in 2016 shortly after taking office in 2010. run started out looking like more of a flirtation with the office. But in a crowded field of he soon occupied the position expected to as the candidate not afraid to challenge the way things had always been done. had struggled to bounce back from the scandal since when a legislative subpoena revealed that his deputy chief of staff had sent an email calling for traffic in the town that was gridlocked by the to punish a mayor who had declined to endorse the governor. After the governor failed in his attempt to make a good showing in the New primary contest in he endorsed Trump. He became the first major establishment Republican to do so. He also alienated many friends and financial backers and saw his poll numbers drop to a new low. saying it was clear to him that Trump would be the nominee. he had not been in the it would have been the governor said at a news conference at the time. On the campaign he endured public when he stood obedient and silent next to Trump on Super on March 1. Trump himself mocked the governor for eating too many and for abandoning his state to run for president. publicly said he hoped to be nominee. And he was said to be bitterly disappointed when children and campaign manager prevailed on the candidate to instead choose Gov. Mike Pence of Trump made chief of the transition. But the governor was still struggling with the after revelations on the stand that he had known about the lane closings even as they were happening and did nothing to reverse them. On Election voted in the dark of early a contrast to earlier years when he invited cameras and reporters along by indicating on his public schedule what time he would go to the polls. surprise upset seemed to offer another chance at resurrection. appeared on the demurring on the question of whether he wanted to be chief of staff or attorney saying his most important job was the transition. some role for me that I want to and that the wants me to he known each other for 14 years The next Trump announced that would no longer lead the transition. The governor has now given signals that he is planning to serve out his term in New Jersey. On he held his first cabinet meeting in a long time. Late on he had bumped his lieutenant as the keynote speaker at an annual statewide convention of mayors in which he has skipped since 2011. Appearing the next day Lieutenant Governor name was still on the programs have no reason to believe that I will do anything other than serve out my full term as governor and turn the keys of the office over to whoever you select in of 2017 to replace had a pretty good he added.

Days before the presidential owner of a local pizza restaurant called Comet Ping noticed an unusual spike in the number of his followers. Within menacing messages like on to began appearing in his feed. In the ensuing hundreds of death threats one read will kill you started arriving via and Twitter. All of them alleged something that made jaw that Comet Ping was the home base of a child abuse ring led by and her campaign John D. When discovered that his employees were getting similar abusive he looked to unravel the accusations. He found dozens of articles about molesting and trafficking children in the back rooms. The articles appeared on and on websites such as The New Nationalist and The Vigilant with one headline How Uncovered the Sick World of Occult None of it was true. While has some prominent Democratic friends in and was a supporter of he has never met does not sell or abuse and is not being investigated by law enforcement for any of these claims. He and his 40 employees had unwittingly become real people caught in the middle of a storm of fake news. this fabricated conspiracy come under constant said who was once in a relationship with a provocative former journalist who became an outspoken advocate for suspects those relationships may have helped to make him a target. done nothing for days but try to clean this up and protect my staff and friends from being he said. Fake news has been at the center of a furious debate for the past few weeks over how it may have influenced voters in the presidential election. President warned last week that we are an age where so much active misinformation and packaged very on social media sites. The criticism has buffeted web companies such as and whose chief Mark has promised to work on technology tools to slow the gusher of false digital information. But experience shows it is not just politicians and companies that are grappling with the fake news fallout. his staff and friends have become a new kind of private citizen for the purveyors of false articles and their believers. For more than two they have struggled to deal with the abusive social media comments and to protect photos of their own which were used in the false articles as evidence that the pizza restaurant was running a pedophilia ring. One person even visited Comet Ping to investigate the allegations for himself. To combat the fake news has contacted the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the local and he has asked and to remove the articles. Yet the misinformation has continued to growing into a theory known as that has traveled to At one staff counted five Twitter posts a minute. As recently as the Twitter message let up. was reposted and liked hundreds of times. like trying to shoot a swarm of bees with one said general whose wife asked him to leave his job because of the threats and vulgar messages they both have received on their social media accounts. an artist born and raised in Comet Ping 10 years ago as a casual spot for clay oven pizza. The restaurant has features like tables and a craft room. Famous natives like members of the band have held small shows there. The which seats is a of red and white checkered tablecloths and modernist murals and paintings from friends of mingles with other chefs and his establishment helped him to be named No. 49 in 50 most powerful people in in 2012. His customers include some such as Tony the brother of John whom knows casually. and who is the founder of Media Matters for a website that tracks press coverage critical of the and works to debunk misinformation in the conservative broke up five years ago. The misinformation campaign began when John email account was hacked and his emails were published by during the presidential campaign. Days before the users on the message board noticed that one of leaked emails contained communications with discussing a for The users immediately speculated about the links between Comet Ping and the Democratic Party. Some posited the restaurant was part of a larger Democratic child trafficking which was a theory long held by some conservative That idea jumped to other social media services such as Twitter and where it gained momentum on the page A new discussion thread called quickly attracted 20,000 subscribers. Glen a former campaign official for did not comment directly about Comet Ping but has spawned several conspiracy theories that have been independently did not respond to requests for comment. dozens of fake news articles on sites such as Planet Free Will and Living Resistance emerged. Readers shared the stories in and on and other foreign language sites. Last one supporter of the theory shot a live video from within the restaurant during a busy dinner shift. Local who had parked across the street after filed a report about the fake news stories and told the man to leave. In a the District of Metropolitan Police Department said it was monitoring the situation and is of general threats being made against this The said it not confirm or deny the existence of Most troubling for and staff has been the use of pilfered from the social media pages and the personal accounts of friends who had Comet Ping Those photos have been used across dozens of websites. who declined to talk publicly for fear of have hired lawyers to get the photos removed. Musicians who have performed at Comet Ping have been pulled too. whose Heavy has performed there several deleted her Twitter account after the abusive comments became overwhelming. Similar comments have flooded her music clips. are at a dangerous place in culture where a good percentage of people distinguishing what is a real news source based on real reporting and and only reinforcing ideas they Ms. said. The frustration has been compounded by the lack of recourse for his friends and employees. Yelp blocked the comments sections of Comet Ping review page after reports of abusive comments and fake news in reviews. said it prohibits harassment and hate speech and has tools for flagging violations and filing complaints for the site to take further but has largely not blocked comments on these videos. Twitter declined to and did not have any further comment. After employees and complained to about how Comet Ping was being targeted on the the discussion thread posted a warning that revealing personal information about individuals was prohibited. know that we have more work to do and we take our responsibility to address abuse said in a statement. Little relief appears in sight. Over the Comet Ping received dozens of calls from people screaming obscenities and threats. got 50 nasty direct including one that place should be burned to the On when picked up his he saw a text from a staff member warning that an individual might protest in front of the restaurant. he said.

When J. Trump met with the politician in recent he encouraged and his entourage to oppose the kind of offshore wind farms that Trump believes will mar the pristine view from one of his two golf according to one person present. The held shortly after the presidential raises new questions about willingness to use the power of the presidency to advance his business interests. Trump has long opposed a wind farm planned near his course in and he previously fought unsuccessfully all the way to highest court to block it. The group that met with Trump in New was led by the head of the Independence Party and a member of the Parliament. who was a leading voice advocating exit from the or campaigned with Trump during the election. an insurance executive who was a major financier of the was also in attendance. did not say he hated wind farms as a he just did not like them spoiling the said the media consultant who was present at the meeting and was photographed with Trump. headed communications for one of the two groups that led the effort. He said in an email that he and Banks would be against wind farms in and said that Banks had previously opposed wind farms and that they had been studying the issue on their own. he Trump suggest that we should campaign on and us in and we will be going for His account of the meeting was previously reported in The a paper. Hope a spokeswoman for transition at first disputed that Trump had raised the subject of wind farms with suggesting that participants in the conversation this took when pressed with the fact that one of the had described the conversation in she declined repeated requests to comment. vice president for marketing at the Trump also declined through a spokeswoman to comment. office did not respond to requests for comment. did sent out a Twitter post after the was a great to spend time with He was relaxed and full of good ideas. confident he will be a good Trump and his blending of business and political interests and appearances have received increasing scrutiny during the transition. Since the he has met with business partners and his new hotel has become a destination for diplomats. His daughter an executive in the Trump sat in on a meeting with Prime Minister of and her jewelry company promoted a bracelet she wore during a appearance with her father on one of most influential television programs reported on that during a congratulations call from President of after the Trump asked for support for a project to build an office tower in A spokesman for denied the report on saying the two spoke only about official matters. issue was not part of the conversation between President and said the subject both leaders talked about was the institutional and they briefly mentioned the personal relationship they have had for The newspaper in an interview with published on quoted him as saying that he had also spoken with daughter during the call. In the also described his longstanding relationship with the Trump family. Trump representatives and a press representative from the Embassy both declined to comment on whether Trump participated in the call with Ethics experts in said they were disturbed at the report of apparent willingness to mix official duties as with his business saying actions like these threaten to compromise the integrity of the office of the president. thought he was going to separate his business matters from the process of said A. a partner at the international law who advises corporations and elected officials on ethics laws. want to confuse the public good with the personal gain that can be accrued from leveraging the office of the president to pursue his business Gross said. who served as the in the White appointed by the president to oversee rules related to conflicts of interest and lobbying said that these kinds of even if they are just demonstrate why Trump must completely separate himself from involvement in his business enterprises. said that it was extraordinary transgression of the core idea of public for Trump to speak with prominent and a member of the Parliament about his frustration with wind farms that harm views at the same time as he has been involved in a fight over this exact issue. actions are undermining public confidence in the office of the he am profoundly troubled by In Trump has a golf course on the west Trump which he bought in 2014 and which has hosted four and one on the east Trump International Golf that he built near a village in Both resorts have struggled financially. The course has been controversial since the government approved its development in turning aside environmental concerns about the destruction of coastal sand dunes. A local pressure group called Tripping Up Trump is among the opponents of the resort. fight against an offshore wind consisting of 11 off the coast ended last when highest court unanimously rejected his attempt to block it. Trump had vowed to halt development on the golf course project if the wind farm went forward. The skirmishing between officials and the Trump Organization became bitter. After the former first called Trump a referring to his losses in various levels of the court system while Trump called and totally according to the one of four regions of the United is led by the current first minister. has vast potential to generate the power we need from renewable in a way that helps the global fight against climate her office said in a have clear planning policies in place to ensure wind farms are developed in appropriate

A man who tried to join the State and later told an informer that the group wanted to stage an attack in Times Square similar to the one that killed 86 people in last summer was arrested in New on the authorities said. The who is facing charges of trying to provide material support to began expressing support for the also known as and on social media in 2014 and traveled overseas to try to join the group three months according to a criminal complaint. He first went to then to according to the complaint. He appeared in federal court in on night and remained in said N. a spokeswoman for the United States office for the Eastern District of New She said no bail was set. the defendant was persistent in his efforts to join and support its terrorist L. the United States said in a statement. Prosecutors presented no evidence that an attack in Times Square was actually planned. G. said in an email that she was sure what can be about the case. client has not been formally she said. much else to say at this stage of the Prosecutors based their allegations against in part on a series of recorded conversations he had both in and in the United States with an informer. He told the informer the best ways to join the according to the and described the desire to attack Times Square with a garbage similar to the attack in Nice in was saying if there is a I mean a garbage and one drives it there to Times Square and crushes he told the informer. want an operation in Times reconnaissance group already put out a the State already put up scenes of Times you he added. said that was an indication for whoever is smart to In another conversation that took place over while was in prosecutors he told the belong to State is a legal permanent resident of the United States who was born in While there in he made several attempts to travel to according to the complaint. described his experience in in frequent emails to his who was not named in the complaint. Several of those emails appeared to demonstrate his support for the and some suggested he might have succeeded in joining its according to the complaint. One email contained a video of an State reciting portions of the and another contained quotations from an propagandist for who was killed in in 2011. On sent his wife an email that contained a picture of himself wearing a tactical vest equipped with a large the lower half of his face covered by a bandanna. He posted similar photos to a page he registered under a prosecutors said. Six days later he sent his wife an email with the subject line day on the It contained a video on which gunfire could be heard while voices think taking coming I and He also asked his wife to wire money to him. Over the course of several months she sent around to a man in whom the authorities did not name. That money eventually reached returned to New in 2015. Prosecutors said his support for the State continued after he returned.

To make partner at a big law firm is to grab a brass ring of wealth and security. for some that ring is being yanked away. Wrestling with a difficult some big law firms are demoting partners meaning they are no longer owners in the firm who share in annual profits. The latest to publicly weigh such a step is a powerhouse New firm that indicated recently that it would revamp primarily through demotions and delays in promotions to full partnership status. or even partners is not new in the legal industry. A decade the efforts at Sterling to jettison unproductive partners were called But it is a tool the legal industry once wielded sparingly. back now because there is a growing recognition that demand for legal services is not picking up and firms are facing overcapacity said Peter a law firm consultant. Some firms have been quietly weeding their partner ranks as a result. In a process called law firms set retirement dates for certain equity partners or reduce them to salaried cutting them out of the yearly profit distribution. Such demotions take a heavy toll personally and financially. One who graduated from an Ivy League law school in recalled that her own experience was dismaying and disorienting. After a decade of law firm and government she made partner at an elite firm but was nudged out the door a few years later. It she the first negative feedback she had received from her fellow partners. A feeling of loss stuck with her after her she said. The lawyer said that she had to start her career taking a job that was more junior and at lower pay. She agreed to tell her story on the condition that she and her former firm not be fearing that her professional reputation and livelihood would be seriously harmed as a result. Not all lawyers leave. The number of partners at the 200 largest law firms in the country has more than tripled to an average of 117 per firm in 2014 from an average of just 35 in said D. a principal at a legal consulting firm. And not all partners are the result of reductions in rank. Some lawyers choose it so they do not have to invest capital in the firm typically in the hundreds of thousands of dollars or risk partnership liability if someone sues the firm. And more appear to settle for it as the top level of their career. In partners made up slightly more than 40 percent of all partners at premier up from 17 percent a decade and a half ago. This 22 percent of the 93,000 lawyers in the top 100 firms are equity compared with 35 percent in 1996. Those who have reached the top at least at big law work more hours than their according to figures from Private Law Firm Group. Last ownership partners worked an average of 87 hours annually more than partners up from 64 hours more five years according to a sample of 40 of the largest 50 firms. Putting colleagues out on the or even packing them off to a smaller is not easy. And firms are loath to draw attention to such moves for fear of damaging their prestige and their ability to attract new business. too many according to a study by political and cultural obstacles are hindering pragmatic economic including ousting lawyers who are not needed or not attracting lucrative legal work. the winnowing of partners who can take home hundreds of thousands or even millions of dollars in annual compensation is taking place more frequently. At the decision to revamp its partnership was put in motion a few weeks ago while the firm was in the public advising a the board of Wells on handling the scandal over the creation of millions of unauthorized customer accounts. Even as the lawyers were doling out legal advice to the banking partners were weighing how create a more efficient practice group management according to emails reported by legal publications. The ensuing departure of senior partners amplified attention around the but provided only sparse details of its plan. are not doing interviews about changes to our partnership said a spokeswoman for the but she noted that regularly reviewed and where we invest equity and manage head Founded more than a century found early success tying itself to Wall Street. It later enhanced its reputation by helping Ford Motor go public in 1956 in advising during its acquisition by The firm has had its ups and with including layoffs in the early but it bounced back. The latest push for an overhaul at came after a raft of prominent including an antitrust specialist with the client left the firm. Another clutch of partners specializing in mergers and acquisitions decamped to a rival firm. Like some competitors in its has struggled to grow of late. Its average profit per equity partner fell almost 4 percent last to just under million. And gross revenue last year grew less than 2 to million. Even this year the firm moved up two to No. on the Lawyer 2016 ranking of top a status that is bestowed on firms with strong pro diversity in their ranks and high associate satisfaction scores. Last had 162 equity partners and 26 or fixed partners among its nearly 840 lawyers. The changes will go effect by the year said Ms. the spokeswoman. The existing layer of partners will be expanded allow junior partners to grow into equity she added. At some law including it is difficult to sever partners because a majority of partners is needed to take such action. Even at and some other it is possible to partners without their consent. Even without that the firm can cut back equity partner compensation as much as 25 percent annually a brusque sign that it is time to leave. The advent of a large class of partners bolsters the income but could further expand the bulging middle ranks those who are above associates but below partners. Until that rotund middle is of partners will not be anomalies. law firms having to add 5 percent to 15 percent in new business each year just to stay he all law firms are going to have to slim down some

The State has used chemical including chlorine and sulfur mustard at least 52 times on the battlefield in and since it swept to power in according to a new independent analysis. More than of those chemical attacks have come in and around the State stronghold in northern according to the assessment by the Conflict a intelligence collection and analysis service. The which are based on local news social media and State mark the broadest compilation of chemical attacks in the conflict. and military officials have expressed growing alarm over the prospect of additional chemical attacks as the allies press to regain both and the State capital in coalition is concerned about use of chemical Col. John a military spokesman in said in an email on using another name for the State. has used them in and in the and we expect them to continue employing these types of Colonel said that the ability to use chemical weapons is and that and other allied troops are equipped to deal with the impact of these chemical attacks typically mortar shells or artillery shells filled with chemical agents. The effects of these chemical munitions thus far have been limited to the immediate area where they land. The assessment is to be made public on The New Times obtained an advance copy of the assessment and the location of the 52 reported chemical attacks. The analysis did not break down the cases by type of chemical attack. In an effort to blunt the ability to make the the air campaign has bombed militants associated with overseeing their production and the facilities where chemical ordnance is manufactured. In for allied warplanes attacked a converted pharmaceutical factory in northern thought to have been a chemical weapons production facility. As forces now advance into analysts warned that the State could unleash more chemical attacks as they cede control. forces have reclaimed about of city. the State loses ground around there is a high risk of the group using chemical weapons to slow down and demoralize advancing enemy said a senior analyst and the head of the Conflict Monitor. to potentially make an example of and take revenge on civilian dissidents within the At least 19 of the 52 chemical attacks have taken place in and around according to the but the assessment noted a decline in attacks before the offensive against the city. was at the center of the chemical weapons said. most of the equipment and experts were probably evacuated to in the weeks and months leading up to the along with convoys of other senior members and their The State is not the only actor in to carry out chemical The government has conducted many more such attacks. military helicopters dropped bombs containing chlorine on civilians in at least two attacks over the past two a special joint investigation of the United Nations and an international chemical weapons monitor said in August. Beginning last officials confirmed the first instances of the State using sulfur a chemical warfare and the presence of the mustard gas on fragments of ordnance used in attacks by the group in and Laboratory which were also performed on scraps of clothing from showed the presence of a partly degraded form of distilled sulfur an internationally banned substance that burns a breathing passages and eyes. Chemical warfare broadly condemned and banned by most nations under international are indiscriminate. They are also difficult to defend against without specialized which many of the foes in and lack. The chemical agents are worrisome as potential terrorist even though chlorine and blister agents are typically less lethal than shrapnel or explosives. It was unclear how the State had obtained sulfur a banned substance with a narrow chemical warfare application. Both the former government in and the current government in at one point possessed chemical warfare programs. Chlorine is commercially available as an industrial chemical and has been used occasionally by bomb makers from militant groups in for about a decade. But it is not known how the State would have obtained sulfur the officials said. Abandoned and aging chemical munitions produced by during its war against in the were used in roadside bombs against forces during the occupation that followed the 2003 invasion of But officials have said the types of ordnance that have been publicly disclosed so far have not matched known chemical ordnance in the former inventory. The attacks have been geographically scattered and have varied in their delivery suggesting that the State had access and was experimenting different types of rockets and shells configured to carry chemical warfare agents or toxic industrial chemicals. One theory is that the militants were manufacturing a crude mustard agent officials say. Another theory is that the State acquired sulfur mustard from undeclared stocks in either through capture or by purchasing it from corrupt although this theory is not widely held by analysts.

Pharmaceuticals International is a onetime Wall Street darling that has become a punching bag for how pharmaceutical firms drove up drug prices and engaged in questionable sales in the process losing 90 percent of its market value. The first case to emerge from multiple federal and state investigations of its portrays it as a not a perpetrator. The Justice Department charged a former with taking about million in kickbacks from the chief executive of a specialty while hiding his true intentions from corporate management. had a relationship with and in 2014 paid million on an option to buy but it dropped the association last year. shut down in The criminal complaint depicts surreptitious payments and a cavalier highlighted by an email from Davenport to Tanner evoking how the two men would be like Butch and the Kid and into the sunset off the cliff as in the The case appears to be a straightforward tale of but there may be more to proving the charges than meets the perhaps portending a more difficult prosecution for the Justice Department. Was really the or was it a willing participant that wanted to build up so it could increase sales of its lawyer issued a statement asserting that his client did his job greatly benefiting and regularly communicated to his superiors what he was lawyer took a similar claiming that also benefited which is why and its highly sophisticated and active management team sought to buy job was to develop what was called the alternative fulfillment in which sought to have prescriptions filled with the drugs through specialty pharmacies like rather than with cheaper generics. In that Tanner was and helped the company increase its sales. But executives also wanted to develop other outlets for its which Tanner is accused of resisting. The criminal complaint portrays Tanner as a classic unfaithful servant who made a key outlet for drugs while working out a secret agreement with Davenport to get a cut of his profits. He is accused of pushing to enter into an option agreement to acquire the mail order pharmacy while denying to his superiors that he had any financial interest in Tanner received about million of payments to money funneled through corporate bank accounts to a shell company controlled by Tanner. If they were trying to hide those the two defendants certainly did a poor job by using an account over which Tanner had signature which would be easy to and keeping the money in the United States rather than shifting it to an offshore account. At one the Justice Department could bring a case against an employee for breaching a fiduciary duty to the employer as mail or wire fraud for violating the right of honest services statute. But the Supreme decision in Skilling v. United States in 2010 restricted this type of fraud to cases involving payment of a bribe or kickback to the not just unethical conduct that deceived an employer. Figuring out whether the million constituted a kickback to Tanner is the prerequisite to proving that he committed honest services fraud. A federal statute cited in the Skilling case defines a kickback as a benefit given improperly obtain or reward favorable treatment in connection a transaction. Whether the dealings with were will be the crux of the case against the defendants. The criminal complaint goes to great lengths to describe how Tanner kept senior executives in the dark about his role at and the benefits he would receive. He also made sure that played a crucial role in the alternative fulfillment program by never pursuing relationships with other potential pharmacy partners. Buying turned out to be problematic for when the company had to issue an accounting restatement after finding that it had incorrectly recorded million in sales to the pharmacy. And after questions were raised about whether it properly disclosed the relationship with in its filings with the Securities and Exchange shut down the unit. But that does not necessarily mean that the relationship was or that the million Tanner received constituted an illegal kickback. was aware of how the mail order pharmacy and the role it played in growing pharmaceutical a key to Wall embrace of the company that took the stock to more than per share in 2015. The New Times described an view that benefited significantly from its ties to the allowing it to increase sales of ailing products and obscure more significant problems with the Unlike the typical kickback scheme in which a supplier pays an official to award a contract that should not have been the defendants can argue that the development of was a benefit to and the option to buy it was arranged by experienced executives who paid no more than what they thought the mail order pharmacy was worth at the time. A decision in 2016 by the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit in in United States v. may offer a path for Tanner to argue that not revealing his interest in the deal does not constitute fraud. In that the conviction of a bank officer who negotiated a sale of the interest in a development while secretly taking an ownership interest in the property was overturned. The appeals court found negotiating and certainly the sophisticated businessmen in this do not expect complete candor about negotiating as distinct from facts and promises of future stake in the deal may not have tainted the transaction even if he breached a fiduciary duty to by not disclosing any arrangement he had with Davenport. Unlike the typical he can argue that his share of the deal was a means to bring both sides together in a mutually beneficial arrangement. was not so much a victim of a bad deal as a willing participant that received the benefit that it sought by gaining control of an important conduit to sell its drugs and avoid losing sales to generics. That argument would not put a seal of approval on what Tanner and arranging to make almost million off a deal without first disclosing it to your employer is likely to be considered a breach of duty if sued him. But whether the federal fraud statutes should be used to police a dispute about a private employment relationship is a different especially when the defendants face a potential sentence of up to 20 years in prison if convicted of the fraud charge.

J. with his campaign sees an that has for years been taken for granted by weaker nations and is too quick to intervene in intractable conflicts far away. But in his final news conference on his last foreign trip as President argued on for a foreign policy in which continues to take on the biggest global problems of the lead where others stand on the sidelines and help the least fortunate. pointed out that before the order imposed in large measure by the United States after World War war and famine ravaged the globe. He said that while the United States could not maintain global order on its it was the linchpin in ensuring that it continued. China is an important he told reporters in the final stop on his but the did not organize the climate help write the agreement to reduce global warming or undertake the negotiations ensuring that all parties agreed to it. is a very significant military but not worrying right now about how to rebuild after a hurricane in We his voice rising. said a burden that we should carry final overseas trip while in office was supposed to be a valedictory but it has instead been one long exercise in crisis as he seeks to reassure foreign leaders and audiences that Trump will not upend alliances and trade relationships that presidents from both major parties have spent decades carefully constructing. His toughest task was at a summit meeting of the Economic Cooperation which helped bring forth the a trade accord that Trump has vowed to kill. like the rest of has also been made uneasy by the prospect of a sudden shift in United States immigration policy under Trump. The atmosphere during this trip has been noticeably different from that of previous ones. schedule has had surprising when he seemed to have little to and staff members out of their jobs in two months have been unusually somber. Some of the leaders has met with have grown wistful. Chancellor of not known for emotional seemed genuinely moved when she said that leave from my partner and it is And on President Xi of China commended for his intensive focus on their noting that the two had met nine including three times in 2016. But President V. of betrayed no obvious regret when he met with for a few minutes on the sidelines of the summit meeting here. has blamed for deepening the humanitarian crisis in and accused it of meddling in the United States election by hacking into the emails of the Democratic National Committee. has praised and has openly called for improving ties. Both and looked grim in their brief which said was and He said he had asked if they could end the slaughter in or complete an agreement in before left office. At its before a brief and probably final handshake. ranked the problems resulting from alleged hacking far below those generated by fake news being circulated on social media. concern I had has less to do with any particular misinformation or propaganda put out by any particular but a greater concern about the general misinformation from all kinds of on social that make it very difficult for voters to figure out true and said. If elections are of fake news and false information and then the issue is not going to be happening on the he added. issue is going to be what are we going to be doing to ourselves from the The remarks followed similar comments at a news conference in on in which was sharply critical of the role and other social media companies play in spreading false news a remarkable change in tone for a man who has spent so much of his presidency praising the transformational and beneficial effects of social media. Mark chief published a detailed post early describing ways the company was considering dealing with the problem of fake news. In his news conference on for the first that he would continue to be active politically when his presidency ends. He said that at he would some spend time with my and do some do some But he added that he reserved the right to speak out. there are issues that have less to do with the specifics of some legislation issue but go to core questions about our values and our and if I think necessary or helpful for me to defend those then examine it when it he said. Then he to what I do know is that I have to take on

After disclosures of an doping program in sports officials have been retesting urine samples from the 2008 and 2012 Summer in and Their findings have resulted in a rewriting of history. More than 75 athletes from those two have been upon further to be guilty of doping violations. A majority are from and other Eastern countries. At least 40 of them won medals. Disciplinary proceedings are continuing against other and the numbers are expected to climb. Anyone looking at the record books for the and Games might think them an illusion. Medals are being stripped from dozens of athletes and redistributed to those who were deprived a spot on the podium. numbers are just said an executive board member of the International Committee. lose credibility. Credibility is a major The results of the retests are coming at a time of intense international scrutiny on athletes. The longtime lab chief in May described an elaborate doping program and cheating and nearly a third of team was barred from the Summer Games in The committee announced penalties for 16 athletes last week and another 12 on Suddenly and unceremoniously some undecorated are inheriting medals for their performances eight years ago. Even some finishers are discovering that they are bronze medalists. completely rewrote my said an high jumper who participated in four Summer Games but had never won a medal. Sitting at home last Ms. received a curious message from a athlete against whom she competed in bronze it read. After three women who finished ahead of Ms. were disqualified for doping and of and Vita of she moved up to third newly successful in a jump she took when her daughter was an infant. kept doing the said Ms. who originally finished sixth. 4. Oh my gosh right. I started Accompanying the joy of her belated she was an awareness of the opportunity costs she suffered. In her husband was laid off. The house in was foreclosed on that something Ms. said would not have happened had she distinguished herself in was really young and promising at that and sponsors were interested in said Ms. now 32. lot of interest goes away when you get on that the hurdler and chairman of the board of the United States said it was difficult to measure the of winning and of having medals ripped know how you recover those he said. The committee generally coordinates with the federations that govern each along with the national committees of the affected to collect medals from penalized athletes and redistribute them. Of the athletes so far implicated in the a vast majority competed in track and field events and weight lifting. It is standard practice for officials to store urine samples for up to a decade so they may conduct additional tests if they obtain new information. While the first wave of retests began last the longtime director of laboratory told The New Times in May about a cocktail of banned substances that he used to improve the performance of scores of athletes over the past several years. of the World who has been collaborating with the committee on the confirmed that officials had been informed by disclosures regarding specific drugs athletes used. when you look at the they correlate with the intelligence about said. Nearly all of the across were for the anabolic steroids or the very substances that notoriously fueled East to global dominance in the and A rash of violations have also recently cropped up in major and minor league baseball in the United States. good drugs work very well for said. a reason still The drugs were not detected by the lab years during the because the science at the time was not sensitive enough to detect such small residual according to medical and scientific director of the New testing methods have increased the period of time during which drugs can be detected in the body. progresses every said. over the past probably five the sensitivity of the equipment progressed by a factor of about 100. You see what was impossible to see Rarely are doping violations found during the Games. At the the lab found only eight possible a fraction of the dozens more exposed this year. sad to Ms. a lot of times when you go to these Just get close enough to top three because you never know going to test As the retests the standings of the past Winter Games may be too. Officials have focused on samples from past Summer Games this seeking to ensure they caught possible cheaters who were eligible to compete in in August. Ahead of the 2018 Winter Games in South the is expected to turn its attention to samples from the 2010 Games in Officials have already scrutinized some 500 samples from the 2006 Winter Games in but the has not provided details on how many violations were discovered. cannot and will not issue further comments with regard to this nor will it answer at this point in a spokeswoman wrote by email on regarding the tests from the Games. As fallout from the doping scandal medals from the 2014 are also likely to be called into particularly after the World Agency publishes the results of an investigation into athletes who doped in and had their violations concealed by a operation. That group includes at least 15 the former chief told The Times. Such a sizable number of violations by one delegation at a single could prompt sports officials to consider penalties ahead of the next Games. say that justice is being served is very said chairman of the Association of Summer International Federations and former president of the International Tennis Federation. on a path the Swiss executive who also oversees the sport of had a more pragmatic perspective. need to stop pretending sport is he said. a noble but in entertainment.

whose sometimes darkly funny short stories and novels about the small struggles of unremarkable people placed him in the company of masters like V. S. W. Somerset and died on in England. He was 88. His death was confirmed by his son Cox. who was by birth and upbringing but a longtime resident of placed his fiction squarely in the middle of ordinary life. His plots often unfolded in or villages whose most of them hanging on to the bottom rung of the lower middle waged unequal battle with capricious fate. In Ballroom of one of his most famous a young woman caring for her crippled father looks for love in a dance hall but week after for a few drunken kisses from a local bachelor. The hero of Day We Got Drunk on repeatedly phones a young woman he admires in between drinking sessions at a series of pubs. The relationship deepens during a final call in the wee takes a unexpected turn. The emotional weather in world is generally with a threat of rain. am a the narrator of the novel at the begins. have no children. I have never From this bleak a mesmerizing tale unfolds. very interested in the sadness of the things that just happen to told Publishers Weekly in 1983. His cast of nearly all of the middling was extraordinarily varied. has fashioned a remarkable gallery of contemporary the critic wrote of the Pale and Other in The New Times in 1982. farmers and priests and men of the turf are as convincing and suggestive as his his suburban his his mod clerks and Nothing seems alien to he captures the moral atmosphere of a sleek advertising of a shabby West End dance of a minor public of a shotgun wedding in an Although he wrote nearly 20 many of which won top literary did his finest work in short and tended to be dismissive of his ventures into the longer form. a writer who writes novels when he get them into short he once said. On another his called his novels lot of short His fiction could be boisterously lugubrious or pathetic. He delved deeply into the hearts of his struggling whose frustrated ambitions and evoked an authorial sympathy that became more pronounced over the years. As with the comic of the early stories mellowed with giving way to a more sorrowful like achieved some of his finest effects by blending comedy and tragedy. a producer who adapted several of stories for radio and television in wrote in an email in shall always imagine diffident and comfortable in arriving in a and beautiful place full of and looks lovely I bet it His language was his narratives marvels of condensation. In an interview with The Review in he defined the short story as art of the He be an explosion of truth. Its strength lies in what it leaves out just as much as what it puts if not Cox was born in on May in County to Protestant parents. His was a bank manager who took his the former and children from one town to as promotions and transfers arose. An outsider by family circumstance and religion in a predominantly Roman Catholic learned at an early age to observe quietly from the a skill that served him well as an writer describing the and as an expatriate looking across the Sea to the towns and villages of his youth. was fortunate that my accident of birth placed me on the edge of he wrote in The Guardian in 1992. After graduating from Trinity in he taught at a preparatory school in Northern In he married whom he had met at Trinity. She and their son survive as do another and a granddaughter. In secondary had begun sculpting in and his growing proficiency led to a job in England teaching art at schools in Rugby and as he developed a sideline carving statues for churches. He began showing in exhibitions working in and he embraced abstraction. In he published a wispy comedy of Standard of which he later disowned. He also dropped his last to avoid confusion with his identity as a although that chapter in his life was already drawing to a close. His abstract he later dissatisfied him because of its remoteness from human beings. sometimes think all the people who were missing in my sculpture gushed out into the he told The Times in 1990. To bring in he began working as a copywriter at a leading advertising agency in he once he failed to produce a single usable line of copy. The job left him plenty of spare which he used to write fiction. He grabbed the attention of critics in 1964 with Old a blackly humorous account of former schoolmates who resume their old rivalries when they gather for a reunion. called the novel well funny and and it won the Prize. As a was on his and lost one of the least promising copywriters it had ever hired. For the next most of it spent in the countryside he most recently lived near turned out novels and plays at a steady developing an expanding world that readers came to recognize as and a galaxy of characters that included the village sociopath of the novel Children of the fabulously boring in the short story and and many variations on timorous Man. think there is another writer from with his A. the author of A Study of His said in an interview. total conviction he has written about the rural on their about provincial about commercial about Protestants and the remnants of the aristocracy. He offers a complete picture of life on that In told The New which published many of his character is somebody that I know very well as well as I know myself. You become very interested in that person. You become immensely inquisitive and immensely He sort of a an invader of The settings changed. Most of the early novels and stories take place in villages. On his attraction to England as a he told Publishers knew just enough about it to be As became more remote to he found it more congenial as a subject observed most closely from a distance although he often turned back the writing about the of 50 or 100 years but with a keen historical eye for the signs of sectarian conflict that would explode later. The novel of which opens in develops into a parable of the and there historical in the novels Silence in the and Story of which begin at the close of the First World War and the early years of and even in News From one of most celebrated later set during the famine years of the have no messages or anything like told The Review. have no philosophy and I impose on my characters anything more than the predicament they find themselves

About 243 million turkeys were raised in the United States this year. For butcher the workload at this time of year is nonstop. Take in the Market in The company will have nearly 1,000 turkeys ready for Thanksgiving. The freshly slaughtered birds are already arriving. even rented a refrigerator truck to store the overflowing inventory. This is the busiest holiday of the according to the The butcher shop began planning and placing its Thanksgiving orders six months while the rest of us were gathering for Memorial Day barbecues and 4 fireworks. take a long so these birds have been on the ground for a said whose company specializes in humanely white turkeys. big thing is how raised no no a purely vegetarian he said. freshness. Most of the turkeys you buy in the supermarket were slaughtered between two and six months and not a very nice Like so many who are celebrating Thanksgiving in the turkeys are not native New Yorkers. They are raised on small farms in slaughtered at Road Poultry Farm in northern New and butchered and sold at the stall in your plate. For which opened in this year has presented an unusual politics. A subject that many try to avoid at the dinner table has nonetheless seemed to have had an effect on turkey sales so far. election messed with things a little told us. think that people are not thinking about the holidays in the way they normally would they had other things on their minds this year. Usually we see a huge boost in sales in the few weeks before and this we see that at Even as of this had already sold about 875 of the 925 turkeys they were stocking. Need some help preparing your Check out The favorite Thanksgiving recipes. what else is the first snow of the season. Look out for light flurries and feeling frosty outside. Arctic winds will push and pull you about the streets wind advisory is in effect until 10 And it will feel below freezing between 25 and Winter coat You bet. A look inside a million contract with lawyers that details the cost of defending Mayor Bill in a federal investigation over Bayou shipyards in and are on a tight schedule to build ferries for New by next the deadline Mayor has set for his ferry service. After what he called an of hate Gov. M. of New unveiled a new police unit to investigate episodes in the state. Hundreds rallied on in named after a member of the Boys who died in after it was daubed with swastikas and graffiti. ... ... Demonstrators gathered outside the Organization of annual gala in Midtown on to protest against K. J. chief who was scheduled to speak. And nearly 500 protesters marched from Queens to Trump Tower in on to demonstrate against the As accommodation costs New University is beginning a pilot program that will house students with older citizens. Forced to leave as a a woman yearns for the life she knew then. Metropolitan Old Ways Are Sometimes the Only knock off 104-94. Giants buck 22-16. Trail Blazers 129-109. Panthers pounce on 3-2. For a global look at see Your Briefing. See Swift a new exhibition about the pop at Seaport District in the South Street Seaport. 10 to 9 The Architectural League hosts a lecture with the artist and community organizer Gates at the New School in Village. 7 tickets a risqu rendition of the opens at the Theater in Fort 8 start at Indulge in some Night Magic at the Players Theater in Village. 8 The Secret Science Club presents a talk on mating behavior at the Bell House in 8 Rangers at 7 Devils at Subway and PATH Check traffic map or radio report on the or the in effect until 24. Island New East River Ferry La Thanksgiving is just three days away. As we mentioned last New Today would like to know how you would finish this sentence just a few This I am thankful for Please tell us what you think in the comments or send us an email at including your full age and the neighborhood where you live. We plan to publish a selection of comments later this week.

Ten days removed from the shock of around lunchtime on a I navigated the jagged lines of steel police officers and Secret Service battalions with big dogs and big guns surrounding Trump Tower. The shopping tourist trap and set had been transformed into the unlikely plotting ground for the immediate future. It was guess what was taking shape inside the gilded bunkers. Clots of media and protesters crowded the lobby and nearby streets for the occasional or at least glimpses of Maples and Prime Minister of Japan. posed for a with a few lucky cops. The locus of the scene was a bank of elevators ferrying cabinet candidates and the competing maestros of the Trump transition to and from various nerve centers over several floors. Every time a bell announcing the opening of an elevator lobby heads would bob expectantly. that what Sessions looks I heard a photographer ask it is and it was No doubt a host of key Trump and luminary actors were making ample use of auxiliary entrances and sneaking in and out. New predictions and potential firestorms seemed to materialize every hour. The of the incoming White House is shaping up as to say the least. Not one of initial hires has any experience working in a White House. How will they work with the volatile and maven in the Oval With his proclivity to make decisions based on the last person he speaks With his children playing an uncertain his a possibly How will it all work with senior adviser former head of who has a long rap sheet of ethnic and sexist affronts and a war on I had gone to Trump Tower to see the Republican National Committee whom Trump named as his chief of staff five days after his in the same release in which was named chief strategist and senior counselor. was mentioned for scoring at and his appointment has consumed the bulk of the given his ways. But in a filled a more exotic role. He would be the chief establishment ambassador for a president whose brief and meteoric political career has been predicated on blowing that establishment up. A generous reading is that Trump is trying to foster a tension between his top who will represent his own diametrically opposed impulses the devil on one the peacemaking angel on the The simpler reading is that Trump thought that much about this and is simply trying to reward and surround himself with people he feels served him well in the campaign. almost like a puzzle told me last summer. I recall what we were talking but had a knack for homespun logic throwaway lines that would stick with me. I kept thinking of the puzzle mysteries that were playing out up and down Trump even though I showed up without an appointment with and was confined to the lobby watching tourists ride up and down its escalators. and I started talking last as I was undertaking an article for this magazine about the seemingly fracturing state of the Republican Party. We kept in touch during the drank the occasional Miller High Life in his office and exchanged the sporadic email. was constantly going on saying he was certain Trump would even though he could read polls and precedents like everyone else. he carried on as the chief carrier of choppy water because what a party chairman He smiles and spins and swallows his plans and audibles in the name of getting his nominee to the finish line. In a who squired his future wife to a local banquet on their first was the purest form of that Trump would rail against as he bulldozed the For his efforts during the gained the respect and gratitude of Trump loyalists especially the fiercest J. Trump himself. He also won derision and ridicule. He was the subject of multiple stories in The Onion Shakes Head While Flipping Through Old Briefing on Plans for His spirited defenses of indefensible behavior drew him comparisons to Said chief propagandist during the early months of the whose dubious predictions of imminent victory despite growing devastation all around made him an international laughingstock. Long before back when it seemed like a long I asked whether he would consider taking a job in a Trump administration maybe a plum ambassadorship to somewhere. he said. It was a throwaway answer to a throwaway which was laughably hypothetical anyway. But I never had a sense he had thought that much about a Trump administration besides possibly staying on as chairman whether or not the prevailed. For all his a kid from shtick belies a penchant for main rooms and company. No shortage of photos hang on the walls of the headquarters on Capitol Hill. He can be a little He travels far and often to appear with candidates and party dignitaries at events where his presence is not necessarily required. was giddy when I spoke to him last spring as he prepared to attend a party for most influential at Center. We were on the him walking through the lobby of the after a packed day of He sounded almost out of less from exhaustion than what seemed like pure excitement. He told me how stoked he was to meet the golfer and the the Rock. are my top especially the Rock. was a big fan back in the he noting his childhood admiration for Hulk Hogan and Mad Dog up in being named to the Top 100 list is a pretty cool told me. At this I reminded him that no national party chairman would ever be named to the Top 100 except in extraordinary circumstances like these and these were not particularly enviable ones. The White House chief of post is arguably the most grueling job in It would be a burnout under even the most predictable and disciplined of presidents. The average tenure of a White House chief of staff is about two years. jobs are so synonymous with thanklessness that a whole White House mythology surrounds them. good chief of staff is seldom wrote in his 1990 memoir. must see that his chief gets the credit for the successes and must take the heat for its even when they are not his fault. ... He sometimes finds he have many friends or supporters. Some may well call him just a Some may call worse than and maybe already have. is an expression heard use a few times. It refers to being game to do what is swallowing pride and taking one one for the team. If serving as chairman in 2016 has been the definition of eating next gig could go down even harder. 24-7 and never says Card of the job he held in W. White House for more than five making him the chief of staff in history. only area of angst on is that he has young Card referring to son and daughter. Card has a few other one of which he says presented itself as soon as Trump all in the first Republican primary debate last year. thinking he would be a very hard president to work for if he accept people speaking candidly to who remains close to the Bush family and supported Bush for said the most important part of being a chief of staff is remembering that the part is far more important than the part. The president is by far his most important client. know of one chief of staff who failed because he was used to being a says Beth who served as Mitt chief of staff during his four years as governor of may not have that he has been described with that most anodyne term for a the But the White House chief of staff job is not so much about building Card told me. all about serving the only principal who matters. of staff is the only job in that really is defined by what the idiosyncrasies Card says. they a morning person or an evening Disciplined or Do they suffer fools kindly or and the future had their dicey but their relationship grew as the campaign wore on. told me over and over trust I trust felt a need to tell me one day in his office last spring. They have both proved a lot of people wrong and were both aggressively underestimated along the if not outright dismissed. buy this theory that unpredictable is necessarily said back when Trump was just his ruffian nominee and not yet his future boss. You appreciate the magnitude of changing loyalties until you consider just how much energy and dignity he expended before 8 trying to protect from being defiled by Trump. Trump is and the party is the used to tell me during the campaign. His ultimate allegiance was never in question. It was only six years ago that was happily ensconced in as chairman of the Republican Party of Now he is being described as the consummate in the Trump White House. He certainly has a line to Republican namely his close friend and fellow But in the for now all about serving whose partisan impulses have proved flexible through the years let alone his allegiance to the He as a candidate of disruption. He fashioned himself a No doubt this could immediately run afoul of the conservative orthodoxy that has driven the Republican agenda on Capitol Hill. Trump also vowed to the of the lobbyists and and various other parasites and that have fattened themselves so spectacularly in City. In many these are people. He has and campaigned with them for attended their breakfasts and mediated their disputes . He will most likely be looked upon as a chief emissary to the Capitol K Street and donor constituencies that Trump explicitly campaigned against the chief of swamp. For his has undertaken an incendiary mission over the years to upend the no one more so than total and complete sellout of the once referring to stewardship of House could occupy something of a mysterious role in the tradition of presumed presidential whisperers like Rove W. and Both Rove and represented wild cards in their respective White Houses and regular thorns in the sides of the various chiefs of staffs with whom they served. But one notable difference is that neither Rove nor made it his or her goal to obliterate the establishments that their presidents were trying to fold themselves nor did either have close ties to fringe elements of their as has to the and its main platform. has been described as a propaganda by the Southern Poverty Law Center. The site has posted articles linking undocumented immigrants to declared in a headline that Control Makes Women Unattractive and promoted the Confederate flag It High and The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious and referred to Gabby as Human who has tried to play down the most extreme elements of the in recent nonetheless viewed Trump as a kindred provocateur a feeling that appears mutual. In one form or will try to integrate his establishment orientations with these disruptive forces operating all around him. Back during the used to refer admiringly to Trump as earthquake in a In a separate conversation he described his challenge to me as keeping Trump inside Presumably this meant keeping him directed and easier said than but still fascinating and somewhat entertaining to watch unfold in the campaign. But with the presence of and the weight of Trump leading a nervous and divided the challenge in the White House is considerably less entertaining to contemplate. like the certainly creates its own distinct funnel that will shape Trump and everyone around him in inexplicable and perhaps dark ways. As it turned never showed his face in the lobby of at least when I was there. Like many key players inside ragtag circle of has gone largely dark since Election holing up in Transition Tower with occasional hops down to He was not responding to my emails and was described by gatekeepers as from multiple fire So for my most recent and enduring image of is watching him beaming and and a bit stunned on in the early hours of 9. A triumphant Trump had just called him to the declared him a and compared him to Secretariat. tell is really a Trump exulted. come up here. Where is Get over Trump offered him the mike and insisted he say something. There could be no more of a pinnacle moment for an avowed Republican Party animal who used to listen to Newt speeches in the car as a teenager. He would soon go from being one of the most figures in politics to one of the most insiders in a White House of insurgents. and the next president of the United was all could muster. There were worse images to dwell on before the drama intensified and puzzle mysteries inevitably presented themselves. Who knew what the result would lead to or what would become for any of the or any of

A man was on a train in reading a novel set in Japan. The train slid past the bound for where the was headed. The year was 1989. The train was a bullet train. The man on the train was in a and the man in the novel he was reading was in a and as he read the it emerged that his quandary and the one in the novel were essentially the same. The man in the novel was a priest sent to Japan in the 17th century. He was there to minister to Catholics suffering under a brutal regime and also to find out what had happened to his a priest rumored to have renounced the faith under torture. The man on the train was Martin He was in Japan to play the part of van in a movie by another master filmmaker. He was also there to move past a brutal battle in culture wars over a picture of Last Temptation of The film had been pilloried by conservative for a dream sequence in which has sex with In depicting life as a struggle between his human and divine had intended to make a film that was at once an act of doubt and an act of faith. In the novel he was the priest was shown profaning an image of and yet the act was an act of faith. The train slid past the mountains. turned the pages. This novel spoke to him. All at once he saw it as a picture he would like to make. The novel was by a convert steeped in literature and the history of Catholicism in Japan. Published in Japan in sold 800,000 a huge number in that country. was called Graham and was considered for the Prize. referred to as of the finest novels of our The missionary brought Catholicism to Japan in 1549. In the next it was suppressed through the torture of missionaries and their who were forced to apostatize by stepping on the a piece of copper impressed with an image of In took the point of casting much of the novel in the form of letters by reporting back to his superior. He goes to Japan with another young vowing to seek the truth about their Father but they are captured and shown the reality of human suffering under torture. The shogunate invites the converts to avoid torture by stepping on the . Many some are tortured anyway. sees converts burned drowned. A magistrate fluent in makes a grim can save the lives of the converts under torture if only he will step on the and apostatize. When returned from he procured the film rights to As the years hardly a day went by without his mentioning the project to the people around friends and even his old parish Father As he made and and he insisted that was the picture he really wanted to make. A was elected terrorists began targeting in the Middle East. In with Wolf of Wall a declared that would be his next He commit to another until it was finished. years filming began. What led this great artist to make a story of missionaries in Japan his ultimate passion He is known for his gangster he is a grandmaster of the profane. From the he has revealed himself to be an artist of intensely Catholic and the poisoned arrow of religious conflict runs straight through his career. a vet as a spiritual bent on cleansing the city of filth through violence. a tattooed fundamentalist determined to exact justice. a young man raised to be a spiritual thrust up against communism. Even in the Material documentary about takes as its theme the conflict between flesh and between and seeker. is a novel for our It in the missionary so many of the religious matters that vex us in the present the claims to universal truths in diverse the conflict between a profession of faith and the expression of and the seeming silence of God while believers are drawn into violence on his behalf. As material for is and yet commitment to it has been even by his exacting standards. To understand that I spoke with the with members of the cast and the production team and with others who know the novel well trying to grasp just what kind of an act of faith this film is. know if but there is such a thing as trying to get it said to in the New voice familiar from the cameos in his movies. how do you do The right way to live has to do with selflessness. I believe that. But how does one act that I think you practice it consciously. It has to be something that develops in you maybe through a lot of He had invited me to his East Side townhouse at 9 having spent a full day editing in Midtown. The living is decorated with a vintage movie posters for Jean Grand and photographs of his wife and daughter. He is compact and with tremendous life in his eyes and a youthful ardor that seems to have its source in reverence for his elders like the Polish filmmaker who had signed a storyboard that unhooked from the wall to show me. We took and he began to talk. As the hours the already seemed to diminish around until it resembled a screening or a a place where questions of how to live are posed through stories and images. goes back to what Father was telling me the last time I saw a couple of years he said. doing something that is morally that is a great sin many people will never come back from that. But the way would be to get up and try again. Maybe not but you get yourself into a situation where you can make another choice. And the situation is he can choose to save the lives of others by renouncing his the act he considers most reprehensible of all. no less than informal New trilogy is rooted in his childhood. As a boy in Little he wanted to be a missionary. His parents were not in part because their parents had felt the heavy hand in but for him the church a malign force in so many stories was a portal to the world beyond family and neighborhood. trusted the because it made what they what they he said. understood that another way to outside the tough world I grew up The pointed to the wider world. His a presser in the garment make much but always had enough money to take him to the movies. A local station broadcast films on nights. He grew up watching the crucial works of many of them with a strong Catholic dimension like Open in which a priest is executed for cooperating with the Resistance. The Catholicism of the area was centered on street processions devoted to saints brought over from the old for the on for the on Mulberry Street. I was it was already dying told me. It hooked him even so. The vaulted interior of St. Old Cathedral on Street was a sharp contrast to the small the Mass a formal counterpoint to their mealtime banter. think I move and I think it has something to do with the medication I was given for said. affected the way I the way I think. I needed to pull back. Film did that for and so did the church. They slowed me down. They allowed me to meditate. They gave me a different sense of a young priest assigned to the brought faith and film together. was the one who opened up things for recalled. have to live this way. You have to follow in this cultural cycle. You have to get married at had become an altar and each year would take the altar boys to a movie uptown the World in 80 Bridge on the River and sit talking about it with them afterward on the steps of the rectory on Mulberry Street. They went to the near Times Square to see the Gospel drama and then heard him put it down. detested sentimentality or religious said. so he meaning the thunder when mentions his name and the thunder in stereophonic sound. To this day I heard thunder as good as And yet at age 11 he conceived of the wish to do it take the biblical epic to another Faith and film offset the asthma that kept him out of sports and off the streets. he drew movie including a few years for a life of set it right in the he told the crucifixion taking place on the West Side piers and the involved. Can you see he had a seat for adult especially his dealings with a spendthrift uncle who seemed to take money from his father freely and with impunity to pay the loan shark. It was a pattern he knew from the Scripture passages read in church. keeper my he chortling with recognition. it goes beyond your brother. Are we responsible for other What is our when somebody does something that is so ... Do you really have to do it because a or or you made vows of What is the right thing to do for the other and for All of this carried through. I would see it acted out one way in and I would hear it another way from Father and a couple of priests at Cardinal Cardinal is a high school in the and after a year of minor seminary a tryout for the once a regular stop for bright Catholic boys of limited means went there. the was a few years Rejected by University because of poor enrolled at Square College and its film program. From he plunged into the a at the an expatriate in England and an assistant director at became an editor on the concert and then a maker of his own movies That Knocking at My about a young man in the suddenly liberated whose Catholic principles keep him out of bed with his and a film about a female than When he returned to Little in 1972 to make some of the young men in his generation were stepping into the underworld roles their fathers had occupied. Early in the an mobster played by talks about going to confession in the old cathedral. He wishes he could choose his own penance instead of having one assigned by the priest. He gets his in a It falls to him to look out for Johnny played by the lost boy of the a reckless gambler who puts them both in danger. becomes his keeper and eager to rise in the lets his friend dangle without reaching out to the powerful uncle who could save him. in The New struck a biblical talks a lot to Johnny Boy about friendship and does nothing. the It is striking to see the pattern show up at the other end of in As the two set out for they find a translator named in a seedy neighborhood and drag him into their mission. He resists. He drinks himself sick. He lies. He bemoans his fate. A he apostatized and was allowed to while the shogunate killed his brothers and sisters. decides that he is keeper and grimly bears up as apostatizes again and again and finally betrays him to the shogunate. But as is racked by the peasant becomes the a man whose faith is rooted in his recognition of his own weakness. Who is more the person who is strong in faith or the one who is who is the told me. says in the is the place for a weak person in the world Why I born when there any I would have been a great For half a has been a missionary for the making his own promoting the work of great international consolidating the history of the medium in a brilliant group of documentaries and advocating for the preservation of classics. Over this picture of his about a missionary adventure became a mission in its own and the act of getting it made became an act of faith. knew he had this script and was terribly disappointed that he get it who produced and told me. I What a sad state is in when Martin with all his with all the honors get a movie There began an intense collective effort guided by the to make the project materialize. worked through dozens of legal disputes attached to the project. a secured new and in 2013 and some associates went to and returned with million in distribution commitments. think ever done that told for this picture he has done a lot of things he done He would direct the picture without a fee. All the principal actors have pedigrees but would work for Screen Actors Guild or for greatly reduced fees called Paramount Pictures signed on as the distributor in 2014. and the production designer scouted locations in the Pacific Northwest and New After four trips to they decided that it would be for eight months. In 750 cast and crew and production would put their faith in act of faith. is a novel about necessity of belief fighting the voice of as has put it. To get the beliefs he engaged the Rev. an author and editor at large of the weekly Filmmaker and priest had several colloquies at and Martin worked intensively with and Driver. Just as learned to box for they familiarized themselves with the rites and disciplines of the priesthood to bring authenticity to their performances. known for his role in two prepared to play Father by entering fully into the process that call Raised outside with a secular developed his character by undergoing the of St. of the founder of the order. The devised in the invite the to use his imagination to place himself in the company of at the foot of the among tormented souls in hell. met with Martin for spiritual and they swapped reflections via email and Then he set out for St. a house in to undertake a silent retreat. had 10 it have been enough to prepare for this told me. got totally swept up in all things and very taken with spirituality. The preparation went on for nearly a and by the time we got to it was bursting out of not unusual for performers to allude vaguely to their spirituality. But describes the process with guileless specificity. you enter into your imagination to accompany through his life from his conception to his crucifixion and resurrection. You are praying with suffering with him. And devastating to see someone who has been your whom you be so Before left for Martin gave him a cross he had received as a gift while a novice. got to the point where he could a Martin told me. were places in the script where he would stop and say and we would come up with something think I am called to be a said to me as if making this film had spurred him to consider the prospect. I had the feeling that I was being called to called to work with one of the great and called to this role as something I had to pursue for my spiritual Driver has played the unreliable boyfriend in and the villainous in The Force To play in the slightly more skeptical who was raised a Baptist in worked by analogy. movie is the story of a crisis of he and explained that he tried to apply the ideas of faith and doubt generally. could be faith in your in the project or in a it could be doubts about the work or the project or the marriage. When you think about it that very So he related to faith and doubt and he lost nearly a third of his weight for the role. he told me over black coffee. about and as an actor you want to have control. But also about It gives you information you can use in the He lost the weight over four and a half supervised by a nutrition coach. Early he spent a week at St. was already two days into his retreat when Driver arrived at the a pile where the poet was once in residence. Pledged to the two actors waved when they spied each other in the refectory. raised Catholic in brought to the insights he gained during 1986 film about adventures in South the poet and was an adviser to that picture and celebrated Mass with the actors Irons on location in told remember Father you know that based his for actors on the of St. come all this way to hear That had a real effect on This in to play Father the older who apostatized after being tortured underwent a simulacrum of the suspended upside down by ropes over a pit of excreta. The actor determined to do his best to play a character crucified in the hung on a cross as a wave machine pushed rising tides of water over him. was 82. By the time Driver filmed his final scene in which long staggers into starved by his captors he was hallucinating from hunger. did the scene and hopped on a plane to New to do a table reading for he told and then began a regimen of triple breakfasts at a diner in now a chief film critic for The New once wrote that approaches as priestly a set of spiritual exercises embedded in technical So it was with insists on having silence on the told me. silence is happening arranged the shooting script so the cast could feel the emotions in sequence. Finally reached the scene in which steps on the profaning the God he believes in and renouncing the faith he has come halfway across the world to preach. Actor and director prepared the a bare foot pressed to a piece of the face of worn smooth by the feet of countless apostates before him. something we had both waited had waited much longer he had waited decades to film that The director was the priest stepped and then there was a technical difficulty. almost lost my and I think recalled. wanted it to be done in one There was a second and the priest profaned the image of once and for all. Step by got made. The picture saw in his head on the bullet train took 27 years and million to realize. in good he said to me philosophically as we sat together in his house in the near dark. It was one in the morning. know but this is how this picture got made. It had to be this could speak because he had been through all this before. A passion religious in based on a funding difficulties and reluctance among studio Such was Last Temptation of his adaptation of the novel by When the novel was published in in its conceit that felt a temptation to climb down from the cross and live an earthly life with was seen as a challenge to conservative represented by the Orthodox Church. By the time it reached the United States in the were and the novel was taken up by the counterculture as a template for religious illumination through carnal knowledge. read the novel in the after it was given to him by and the two stars of By the time he set to making a movie it was the and the novel was again seen as a challenge to conservative then at full volume. stated aims for the picture were straightforward. He wanted to give the Gospel story a contemporary the way great artists like had done. And he wanted to fulfill his childhood vision and take the biblical epic to a different place. But the project soon turned complicated beyond belief. After committing to the picture in Paramount Pictures began to have doubts. shrank the shooting schedule for and the agreeing to forgo his fee. As fundamentalist leaders got wind of the they organized a hostile campaign against parent Gulf and Western. the head of United then the declared that show the picture on its citing trouble with Life of and other as well as with a film called Messenger of that had prompted bomb threats. In an agonizing meeting with and studio canceled the picture. By now intentions for it were a good deal more complicated. told him that God be only in the hands of the he later recalling the meeting with are so many obstacles in between us and the spirit. In a to make this film was to try to make God accessible to people in the audience who feel alienated from the churches. I have had three divorces. Does this mean I speak to God because the church says I I can talk for myself because Angry and he took on two projects initiated by set in Lower and Color of a drama starring and Tom Cruise. Color of grossed the biggest hit ever had. he switched agents to the head of Creative Artists Agency. is it you want to get What is the film you really want to get I Last Temptation of And he And I heard that swiftly got at Universal. filmed in Morocco with as as Bowie as and as What happened next still stands as a central episode in the culture wars. As worked round the clock to edit the the religious right moved against it. a instigator and head of the Family organized a picketing campaign at Universal Pictures in The Rev. of the Baptist Tabernacle of did the same outside the home of the chairman of which owned Universal. The leader of the Campus Crusade for Bill offered to buy the film from Universal in order to destroy it. Universal moved up the release date and took out newspaper ads in its support. In an interview with reporters in the director who seen the called it horrible and completely Reports attributed to him a remark that the movie was the product of denied but the notion took root that the movie was the sinister work of a cabal of movie executives conspiring against the faith. The day the film had its premiere at the 1988 hundreds of picketers were there. So were several television news crews. the recalled to group of us went to dinner at the Regency The group included Universal the celebrated director longtime editor and and prominent who had supported the movie. the Episcopal bishop of New had written a letter to The New Times declaring that the movie dramatized the core church teaching that is both fully human and fully divine. At the told about a book he should read. The next day he had it sent by In and the persecution of often to the point of martyrdom is real and continuing. Since the Sept. 11 the word has taken on awful new connotations. is inadvertently topical. Like the the picture interrogates the very idea of by proposing that there are instances when martyrdom the believer holding fast to to the bitter end is not holy or even right. It makes in the way of art the arguments made in defense of that an act be fully understood if the intentions behind it taken into and that a seeming act of profanation can be an act of devotion if done out of an underlying faith. At a dramatic moment in the hears the cries of who are being tortured outside his cell. He has been told that he can save their lives if he will step on the . He agonizes. He prays. He feels the offer as a temptation. surrounded by suffering and he hears a voice he takes to be It was to be trampled on by men that I was born into this novel poses a very profound theological Peter C. a Catholic theologian at who was born in told me. question is Are we allowed to do an essentially evil act to obtain a good If it is done to save then the answer is no. But the novel is so complex because he does it for his for the good end of saving his flock. He will go to hell but he will go to hell for their tramples on the . Because his intention is right to save the lives of others the act seems right. And because it entails the sacrifice of his exalted sense of it seems a a loss of self for sake. The novel work through theological questions so scholastically. it enfolds them within other whether missionary activity is ipso facto a form of and whether the content of a religious faith is lost in translation when it is promulgated in a new language in a new land. Should the church adapt to particular or should it maintain an approach distinctively its In that is a question of Since the Council of when the by clashed over whether new should be held to law the history of has turned on questions of The brilliance of is that it shows how these questions increase and multiply. The young seem to favor adopting peasant taking the sacraments directly to the people and calling their hut A magistrate a figure akin to Grand Inquisitor tells that cannot take root in the that is Japan. When finally meets concurs. The They are breakaway the apostate priest they worship the of not the Son of God. Those dying upside down in the They die for he tells they died for you. For all is itself a complex act of a featuring a point of that could not have been written by anyone but a The is an expression of a point developed in a new book by the artist It is an image of God devised by the shogunate for the purpose of but over the course of the it becomes an authentic image of Under the converts abuse it. They renounce their faith. But that mean they stop believing. They keep in mysterious ways. own body of work is a strong argument for in that he instinctively finds religious patterns and images in dispirited society. His is an act of cultural adaptation would call it to the third Here an Catholic adapts a novel about Catholics for a movie arguably most distinctive art form. And yet suggests that of the usual kind is impossible. it makes vivid the idea that the act called apostasy can be a shrewd adaptation of religious faith to a hostile and that faith maintained in spite of a outward acts of apostasy is faith nonetheless. The question the novel comes down is you a This posed by to the peasant is one that must answer for himself before he approaches the and long after he tramples on it. It is a question that cannot be answered for the believer by the or a or society. The novel is not about a struggle with a hostile culture. When the magistrate says as denies no . . . Unconsciously the priest raised his voice as he spoke. struggle was with in my own Before it opens in New and in will be screened in for several hundred and for at the no stretch to suppose that Pope a will find a way to be there. assuredly will be and striking to envision him sitting in the dark with the pope as his new picture plays. Their boyhoods were a lot Six years was brought up in in a family of immigrants who took him to the movies and he grew up cherishing especially film about the possibility of calls it. I asked how he would describe his work to Pope He then would say that in my to find out how to live life tried to explore what our existence really is and the meaning of One day not long stepped out of a black car in front of the old cathedral. He had on an a scarf and a hat. He tightened the pulled the hat low and stood near the graveyard adjoining the cathedral. used to play right he said. could hide behind the gravestones. You knew which ones were the right size for Little today is largely symbolic like the within The old Social Club a headquarters for the crime syndicate is now a once south of Canal extends most of the way up Street. At the Catholic Mass is offered in and looked up Street toward Street. the restaurant that used to be a house. Past it was a funeral home. The funeral procession would come out and bear the coffin along the sidewalk here and into the cathedral. I remember two kids from the 16 or 17 they died of and the families had to be carried from the funeral home to the they were so devastated. It was terrible. never forget Inside the old it became clear how literally has never forgotten not the splendor of the nor the presence of suffering and sin and nearby. The pastor pointed out the details of a the saints retouched in their original the marble and brass altar fixtures restored to the way they were before a 1970 modernizing effort. who left the neighborhood in need a guide. He knew every inch of the place. an boy standing right here in a white reciting a prayer in he mused aloud. The closing scenes of his follow through the decades after he apostatizes. A priest no represents the shogunate in its dealings with traders from What is his inner What does he Working from the imagination rather than from the text of the found a final subtle but not for the position and an image that suggests the nature of own engagement with matters of faith. I asked him to draw a connection between and what he was seeing in the old cathedral. He tapped his forehead with two fingers. connection is that it has never been interrupted. continuous. I never left. In my I am here every

Inside New Law the case is named Matter No. 2016-013018. It goes by an even more mysterious title in the million contract with outside criminal defense John Doe Investigation. But for New the matter is better known as the federal inquiry into Mayor Bill a and his one that is said to focus on whether they traded favorable government actions for political contributions. Last the administration quietly filed with the comptroller its contract with a law that has for months been acting as outside counsel for the mayor and his aides. The obtained by The New Times through a request under the state Freedom of Information offers the most detailed look yet at the cost of defending actions that the mayor has insisted were appropriate and legal. The Law which arranged for the legal services through negotiation as opposed to a competitive bid described in concise terms its need for a firm expertise in criminal defense law to provide legal services in support of the John Doe Investigation and any related The department checked several boxes saying it required a contractor to special not available at the services not needed on a work within a limited amount of and a conflict of The corporation who oversees the waived a requirement for a public hearing on the the documents on the ground that a hearing could litigation The prompted by required budgetary has in recent days offered a limited accounting of its spending on outside million through the end of the year for overlapping investigations of the said F. spokesman. That amount includes for lawyers at Carter who have helped defend the city in state and local inquiries including one by the comptroller into the sale in of a former nursing home in whose deed restricted use of the property to nonprofit residential health care. declined to comment on whether the firm continued to work for the city on that matter. asked at a news conference on about the been asked to provide been very and as many times as the investigators want to talk to members of the of course they will have that opportunity. But each time requires preparation and representation. A Law Department spokesman declined to reply to a list of questions about the contract. a spokesman for 2013 and 2017 said the mayor and his aides acted and appropriately at all said no public money had been spent to defend the 2013 campaign or the political Campaign for One New which is at the center of some of the investigations. He declined to say how much money had been spent to defend them. hope that the which have now lasted over seven will draw to a said in an email. The contract with described as a is retroactive to several weeks after news reports surfaced that an investigation by the United States office in into corruption at the Police Department had spread to include by It is set to last final one document says. the end date is given as 2020. The costs are set out in the contract and are commensurate with rates charged by other top city an hour for work by an hour for an hour for associates and for paralegals and other staff. A spokesman for the M. whose office approves most city declined to comment on whether the spending was appropriate or on other aspects of the which is currently under review by his office. Of the total cost of million is for the 2016 fiscal with the rest to be spent in the 2017 fiscal the documents show. A 14 memo from the Law Department included with the contract said that because of time the firm had commenced work before the contract was officially but that it had yet been E. a partner at who signed the contract for the declined to comment. But his page on his company website says that his experience companies and includes inquiries by federal and local authorities into Mayor Bill campaign practices and related In the more than 80 pages of documents in the the name is not mentioned in connection with the matter. And only once is the nature of the John Doe Investigation hinted in a letter from the Law Department to which describes the inquiry as being by the office for the Southern District of New the Department of Investigation and other The letter says the firm would represent city employees and employees of other entities the city has agreed to represent in interviews or if subpoenaed to give grand jury testimony. Asked on if he had been interviewed by federal had a simple

On swastikas and the words were discovered in graffiti on a jungle gym in Heights. By the scrawl had been erased and in its place was a pile of chrysanthemums and tiny paper hearts as a rally echoed across the condemning the failure of J. Trump to address a rash of hate crimes linked to his name. came to the park and wrote not nice things said quietly to his at the crouching beside him near the jungle gym. were the bad the boy asked. His father could not answer. tried are the good The park where the graffiti was found is named after the rapper better known as of the who died in 2012. At the rally on his longtime known as called on New Yorkers to reject the hateful messages of the defacement and many other episodes in New in recent weeks against blacks and other minority groups. is homegrown terrorism for said. He was joined at the podium in the middle of the park by several a rabbi and a elected who led the crowd in singing the national Shall and Land Is Your Reports of hate crimes in New City have increased over 30 percent this to 328. hate crimes rose to 111 from 102. were the target of 25 reported attacks this year as of compared with 12 over the same period last according to data compiled by the police. was born to a mother and a Catholic father and converted to Speaking at the Baptist Church in on Gov. M. a announced measures to fight the including the creation of a State Police unit that would combat what he called the of hate crimes in our The new unit would consist of investigators who specialized in bias crimes and who would aid the district attorneys in prosecuting according to the office. a small triangular space in an upscale was thronged with hundreds of some of whom climbed the playground equipment and sat on the monkey bars. They lined State Street when the park became too holding children and shaggy dogs. One woman an infant while she stood cheering. A few held signs that riffed on lyrics once sung by the artist and activist for whom the park was named. Sleep Till No Hate in one placard a reference to a Boys anthem. Speakers at the including Representative M. and State Senator L. both blamed whose language during the they deepened divisions. hate is carried out in his name and he says Squadron said through a becomes his Spokesmen for a did not respond to emails requesting comment. In an appearance on John A. radio show on P. the New City police said that language publicized in the weeks before the election had added to the problem. trends are a bit he said. been a lot of rhetoric over the last month. And had an in hate Limited data from around the country points to an increase in hate crimes this but Prof. the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at State University in cautioned that the reason for the change was unclear. Hate crimes typically spike after a such as an election or an act of he said. appears to be an Professor I think we can conclusively say whether they will be At the rally in ended his speech with some of his lyrics. Queens and he said as the crowd recited with him. the Battery to the top of Middle Eastern and white New you make it Behind on the jungle gym that had so recently borne the children played.

It is a daunting proposition to put million apartments on the market in a quiet industrial city in the west of where even the fanciest neighborhoods are lined with squat housing blocks. But the developers of Trump Towers an elegant pair of have an extraordinary new marketing tool they are moving quickly to the of the United States. Since J. Trump won the they have celebrated the growth that win could bring to their even flying to New last week to meet with the and his family as he was assembling his cabinet. will see a tremendous jump in valuation in terms of the second said R. a consultant who helped organization make inroads into the market five years ago. have a Trump flat or branded. that recall value. If they know Trump they definitely know him In just under nine Trump will take control of a portfolio of public business between the United States and the two largest supervising debates over issues including climate maritime shadowboxing with China and the nuclear standoff with The meeting shows that Trump has not fully disengaged from his business ventures even as he leads his presidential and it highlights the potential conflicts he will face going forward if he does not separate himself from a brand that has been constructed around his persona. In a telephone one of the developers who met last week with played down the appointment as a congratulatory conversation in which no business was transacted and no new projects were discussed. But newspapers in reported it as a business illustrated with a photograph of the beaming real estate executives and flanking the future and indicated that the builders and organization are planning further collaborative real estate projects. confirmed to The New Times on that this account of the meeting in New which included discussions with the Trump family about possible additional real estate deals was accurate. A spokeswoman for the Trump Organization did not dispute this account saying only that the encounter with Trump himself was brief. have identified a piece of land and spoken to told The Business a daily newspaper in who posted photos of himself wearing a Great hat on social media during the presidential did not respond to repeated requests for comment from The Times. Three prominent ethics lawyers said in interviews on that the interaction between Trump and his business partners from does not appear to violate federal laws or ethics nor would it even if he had already been sworn in. This is in part because the unlike members of Congress and most other federal is exempt from such requirements. But each lawyer agreed the activities created the appearance that Trump and his business partners are using his status as a way to profit. is unprecedented in modern said D. a lawyer who has represented more than a dozen members of Congress in ethics cases. this is the new S. a lawyer who helped write ethics law and the former president of the nonprofit Center for Governmental said that anytime Trump has a meeting with a foreign government leader where one of his projects is based a list that includes the United the South and questions may arise as to whether he took any action that might benefit his investments. already looks like he is using his position as to promote something in that would benefit him Stern said. is not presidential or at least presidential before Hope a spokeswoman for transition declined on to comment. A spokeswoman from the Trump Organization declined to address questions about the appropriateness of Trump meeting with his business and instead pointed to a statement the organization made last week about shifting control of business operations to his children. is a top priority at the and the structure that is ultimately selected will comply with all applicable rules and said the vice president of marketing at the Trump Organization. The towers are the first project to be completed in to be followed in the next few years by a skyscraper in five current projects in are worth around making it most active development market outside North the managing director at Developers and the Trump representative in told The Express last week. In most Trump does not invest in the but instead allows the developers to use his name in return for an undisclosed sum in according to industry analysts. Though each agreement is structured in many cases the brand receives a percentage of meaning Trump stands to benefit directly from increased revenues. Publicity materials focus heavily on Trump and his family. One pitch promises that experience of owning a property and living the Trump lifestyle is Customers requesting information about the units receive an email illustrated with a large photograph of elder seated thoughtfully before a window. The Trump told The Business is so valuable that apartments in the towers sell for 35 percent more than comparable apartments in other developments. Similar projects have been undertaken by the Four Seasons and the said chief operating officer and international director at Property a global real estate company. a branding said. is no skin in the game. You are lending your name. You give some specifications for the project. And you will generate some free But sharing your brand name with developers could backfire. Over the past many unscrupulous developers here allowed projects to stall midway for lack of ready capital and used home deposits to begin work on the next leaving families stripped of their savings to protest helplessly. said Trump so far had partnered with but warned that a poor choice could damage not only but that of the United given the corruption typical of land deals. that small university can get him into you can imagine what could happen with real estate referring to the fraud lawsuit against Trump which Trump settled last week for million. they could have 100 buyers standing outside the me back my Industry observers differed on whether brand image would help increase real estate sales. luxury housing market has been weak for and has been further damaged by a new government drive to stamp out untaxed cash transactions. So some boldface names have reportedly purchased units at the Trump Towers including the actors and The which has close ties to the chief of Nationalist Congress is particularly enthusiastic in its embrace of Trump. Trump has made targeted appeals to for financial holding a major event in in a city with a large number of where Trump called himself big fan of On the morning of the described giving a party for 800 people in honor of first visit in 2014. a local journalist who interviewed as the final results came described him as the former consultant to development said he was confident that more collaborations were forthcoming. He said son Trump has typically taken the lead on advancing deals in but that the also spends ample time with partners. time I have been there with clients from we always have a with he said. is very much passionate about the Many in said they believed demand for the apartments would rise. a said he had been impressed by Trump when he a glimpse of in in 2014. He had heard Trump was close friend of and that he had promised to take a hard line on is right now the which means he is the most powerful person in the said 25. have that liberty. People will obviously want the apartments real estate partners are also taking steps to keep the focus on the told reporters from The Express that he is planning to attend inauguration in

a sculptor best known for collaborative works celebrating culture and died on 14 in the He was 69. His the deputy director of the National Museum of History and said that the cause was prostate cancer. a former seminarian and War assimilated a wide range of genres and among them maps and bowls of to depict heritage and the diaspora in works that blurred the boundaries between performance and conceptual art. His memorial to the poet at the Center for Research in Black Culture in was described as by The Village Voice. Ebony magazine praised his waterfall cascading over the words of the Rev. Martin King at the Performing Arts Center in as a The critic wrote in The New Times in 1989 that his at the Social Security building in South be the best public sculpture installed in New City this works are also on display near the Burial Ground National Monument at the Federal Office Building in Lower and at the Memorial Library in They are in the permanent collections of the Museum of Modern Art in New the Museum and Sculpture Garden in the Museum of Contemporary Art in and the Studio Museum in frequently collaborated with his the poet who survives and the architect distinguishes career is how it combines emotion and politics with visual and architectural director of the Studies Center of the University of said in an email. legacy resides in his unique ability to merge art and rigorous research in the creation of works that identity while inspiring communication and reminding us of our said he was drawn to ritual and the transmission of wisdom and culture across continents and as he evolved from painting to performance music and wall floor installations and sculptures that the imagination and bring to mind a flood of memories and was born on in to an and a waiter. After studying in a he enlisted in the Air Force and served in as a communications among other at the height of the war there. He graduated from University in 1973 with a bachelor of fine arts degree and received a in fine arts from the University of Southern He was the recipient of a fellowship and the Prize from the Academy in In addition to his with whom he lived in and and his he is survived by three and work may be his terrazzo and brass floor design at the part of the New Public Library. It is a memorial both to whose ashes are buried in a urn within the and to a historian and bibliophile whose collection became the basis for the center named in his honor. An allegorical dance the work maps the diaspora and features verses from poem Speaks of Unveiled in the titled includes the last soul has grown deep like the In exhibited Cakewalk A Cultural a large window etched like a dance at the Museum of Modern Art. The work evoked a dance by slaves that began as a mockery of their white masters. Overlaid was a map of five Southern including the birthplace of whose one critic protected her from prejudice.

1. Trump filled some top national security posts last naming loyalists who reflect his views. His choice for attorney general is Senator who was blocked from becoming a federal judge in 1986 because of accusations of racially charged remarks. a retired lieutenant general who sees militancy as an existential will be national security adviser. Representative Mike of was nominated to be the director of the our latest coverage of transition to the White House. 2. something Something can be proud our urging Trump to follow a lofty vision for his pledged upgrade of the aging infrastructure. We even have a list of 10 balanced between red and blue where he could leave his mark while helping unify a bitterly divided 3. In the days after the our reporters and photographers fanned out across the country as a new political reality set in. They returned with a portrait of a country at odds with itself. also beginning a of conversations among classmates and friends who voted for different candidates. could never believe a said one young black man to a friend of heritage who supported Trump. believe sexist. Cannot. But part of me is Here are 19 questions to ask loved ones who voted differently. 4. President will return to the United States on after the last major foreign trip of his with stops in and On give the 2016 Presidential Medal of Freedom to 21 including Tom Hanks and Bill and Gates. And on pardon a turkey for the last time as president. 5. Seventeen new cardinals received their at a ceremony officially joining the Roman Catholic College of Cardinals. Who Pope selects for the college is critical to his efforts to reshape the as the group will eventually elect successor. Three are among the new the most named from any one country. And while politics is never a determining factor in who is all three men have been outspoken opponents of Republican Party positions. 6. In where the Spring began six years the voices of torture victims and their loved ones are being heard. The public hearings are an effort to salve the wounds from nearly 60 years of dictatorship. Mothers demanded justice for sons who were shot to death during the protests that ushered in and former prisoners described being humiliated and even forced to engage in homosexual acts. 7. The skyline of New City has changed drastically over the past decade. gathered a number of notable new buildings that you may recognize 1 World Trade or may not a salt Think you know the recent additions pretty a quiz to test your knowledge. It includes the hyperbolic or above. 8. Scientists who drilled into what is considered ground zero of the dinosaur extinction found something that surprised granite. The drilling happened in the Gulf of where some 66 million years ago an asteroid crashed into Earth with the energy of 100 million atomic bombs. It left behind a scar known as the shown in an rendering above. Their finding suggests that powerful impacts can catapult materials buried deep in a crust much closer to its surface. 9. After Thanksgiving people across will head to big box stores and camp out in preparation for deals to kick off Black shopping. the holiday season. But whatever your shopping strategy there are some innovative ways to save a buck. Like triggering retailers to email you coupons by filling up a virtual shopping then fully logging out of the site. Here are some other and a guide to not overpaying on Black 10. a story about Thanksgiving. the story of a homesick college student who made a traditional dinner for the first time in an icy cold dorm. The guests were five other kids who get home. That was in 1981. wish I could remember if we had the sense to be grateful for the for the comfort of one for the luxury of our she wrote recently. We hope you have a happy holiday with much to be grateful for.

President is considering removing S. Rogers from his posts as leader of the National Security Agency and United States Command after top officials expressed frustration over the speed at which Admiral Rogers had moved to combat the State and over the repeated loss of closely guarded administration and intelligence officials said J. Trump is considering Admiral who is responsible for surveillance and the growing arsenal of for a top post in his including director of national intelligence overseeing all 16 intelligence agencies. Admiral Rogers met with Trump on apparently without the White knowledge. The recommendation to remove Admiral a career intelligence officer who was promoted to his posts by the administration two years came last month from Defense Secretary B. Carter and the current director of national R. Clapper Administration and intelligence who insisted on anonymity to detail the private said the recommendation that Admiral Rogers be removed was not related to interest in hiring him. they it was driven by breaches during Admiral tenure at the and his leadership of the agency. The White House and the Pentagon declined to comment on Admiral fate. Reached by phone on Admiral Rogers declined to comment. The effort to force out Admiral which was first reported by The puts Trump in the position of considering whether to as the man who would brief him on intelligence matters each a admiral whom the White House is considering relieving of his posts. It also raises the question of why would consider firing one of the top intelligence officers in the last days of his administration. Admiral replacement would not be confirmed until after Trump takes over. One senior intelligence official argued that letting word of the effort leak seemed more about politics or vengeance than about effecting any real change. Representative of the chairman of the House Intelligence Committee and a member of transition strongly defended Admiral Rogers. In a letter to Carter and asked them to testify before his committee to explain why they want to push Rogers out. not by accident that Admiral Rogers meets with the and two days later this which is completely built on said in a short interview. Carter and Clapper had submitted a formal recommendation to the White House to split the which conducts foreign surveillance and secures military from the Command. But there are questions inside the giant complex at Fort where the and Command are about whether the military is ready to survive on its own. It relies heavily on the talent of the which dates back to the early who has begun filling the top echelons of his national security team with met with Admiral Rogers on at Trump Tower in New Senior Defense Department and intelligence officials were surprised that Admiral while on personal had paid a visit to Trump. first major disagreement with Admiral Rogers dates to the fall of when he expressed mounting frustration that which is responsible for offensive action against was not acting aggressively enough to disrupt the networks in and In the Carter said for the first time that the United States was using its against the State. But the effort was moving too slowly for the Pentagon and Carter went to Fort several weeks ago to give Admiral Rogers and his team kick in the one official said. Top national security officials had also come to see Admiral Rogers as lacking leadership at a moment of wrenching change for the He took command after the disclosures of widespread surveillance by J. the former and the efforts he directed to seal up the agency proved they said. That perception was underlined by the disclosure in that the had secretly arrested a former T. Martin and was investigating whether he had stolen and disclosed highly classified computer code developed by the agency to hack into the networks of foreign governments. Martin was charged with theft of government property and the unauthorized removal or retention of classified documents. Administration officials had planned to relieve Admiral Rogers of his duties after the election and announce a plan to create separate chains of command for the and Command. But the supported by Carter and stalled in part because of opposition from Senator John Republican of who heads the Armed Services Committee. Under the Command would remain under the Armed Services but oversight of the would shift to the Senate Intelligence Committee. victory complicated the planning. On one major Trump and Admiral Rogers disagree quite publicly. While Trump has insisted that no one knows whether was responsible for the hacking of email accounts of the Democratic National Committee and a range of prominent formal Admiral Rogers has said he has no doubt. He recently said that was not something that was done this was not something that was done by this was not a target that was selected purely He was a conscious effort by a to attempt to achieve a specific Coming into the Admiral Rogers said one of his top goals was to make sure that on the United States had consequences for the attackers. In he proposed a series of possible options to respond to the which intelligence in a public said the leadership had to have been aware of. But the White House rejected the fearing that they could start an escalating that the United States might not be able to win decisively.

Brought to the United States from as a was among the first young undocumented immigrants to be protected from deportation under a program President set up in 2012 by executive action. Since then now has put himself through college and is training to be an drafting blueprints at a firm. But with the election of J. Trump as and 750,000 other immigrants in the who came to the United States as have been swept up in a wave of worried about losing the progress they have made and being forced back underground or even deported. Trump has promised to executive actions on including the youth initiative. With deep roots in the United and with many supporters in civil rights universities and city governments already mobilizing to shield many who came here as youths said they were prepared to fight efforts to end the program or expel them from the country. have been here for 27 and I am not going in between strategy sessions at a gathering place in where immigrants planned moves to resist. Young who call themselves are already protesting at many and they have called for a march from New to starting They are pressing universities and employers to organize to defend the program and are making plans for havens on campuses and in churches. Canceling the program is one move Trump could make to satisfy his who reject executive actions as illegal amnesties and examples of presidential overreach. A larger program for undocumented parents of citizens and legal residents was halted this year by the Supreme Court. Among and the called Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals or is very the only gain that has achieved for undocumented immigrants. Most young people in the program are and organizations place a priority on protecting said the president of the a conservative advocacy organization. kids are going to be exposed if is rescinded and so said. should be keeping families not tearing them Trump has not provided details of his plans and his transition team did not respond to emails requesting comment. But the program was set up through policy guidelines written by the secretary of Homeland Security at the there is not even a formal presidential order so it can be terminated with a stroke of a new pen. Immigrants are taking Trump at his word when he said he would eliminate the He has selected Senator Sessions of a Republican who is one of its most vigorous as attorney general. Another Trump the Republican secretary of state of brought a federal lawsuit against the program in it did not succeed. pledges are chilling for the immigrants because when they signed up to the they provided identity information including the names of their home utility bills and school transcripts to United States Citizenship and Immigration Services. The authorities deferred any action to deport them and gave them renewable work but no official immigration status. Administration officials said the citizenship agency could be asked to turn over that information to Homeland Security enforcement who could track down the immigrants to deport them or their parents. Trump could also take a less harsh approach by allowing existing work permits to lapse and not approving new but not initiating deportations. Advocacy groups have been inundated with calls from people afraid or despondent. a said he had vacillated from fear to sadness to denial. In 2012 the son of undocumented immigrants who spent their lives working graduated from State University with a degree in business finance. He applied that year for never stopping to worry about offering the government details about his life. Now he works as a financial consultant and a small income tax firm. first thought I had is that I have done everything right and it is all going to be taken away from he said of his fears for the future of the program. feels a little bit like a betrayal. been here since I was 4 years old. an a legal was brought to from when she was 1 year old. As a student at State she worked at a store to pay her tuition. She applied for the program to get her worried that one missed stop sign could send her to jail and a prospect she could not face with two children. Now she has a a car and a home in a suburb she bought with her savings. feels like a step to be back in this insecure place where you know what the next step might she her voice breaking with tears. She has tried not to cry in front of her children and to assure them that she is safe. Last appealed to Trump think long and before scrapping the program. Dick of the Senate said on the floor and on Twitter that he would do in my to save the program and protect who have stepped forward to to the country. Rights groups have been encouraging immigrants up for renewal on the program to reapply quickly. But they are generally urging newcomers not to apply. risk for everyone feels much larger than the potential benefit right said the legal director of the Central Resource a nonprofit legal aid organization in Groups are pressing the administration to speed up approvals to eliminate any backlogs before Trump takes office. On three House including Representative V. of asked to issue a pardon to immigrants in the program. But White House officials said the president did not have the authority for a pardon that would provide lasting protection. If their work permits are canceled or immigrants could face cascading consequences losing professional certificates and the chance to pay tuition for college. The impact would vary by state. In places like home to half of all recipients and New additional protections are enshrined in laws. But in the South and where there are fewer might find they really stand out and are said a professor who has studied young people in the program. Yet there were signs that young who have been battling for a legal foothold in the United States for more than a would not go back underground quietly. United We a national organization of young said it would work with a voter mobilization to encourage colleges to create havens for students who become undocumented once again. At the University of students organized a walkout on and are working with local activists to designate the city as a sanctuary for undocumented immigrants. in recalled that a decade ago he was afraid to confess his undocumented status to other students or have his photograph published in a newspaper. you really think we are going back in he asked. am going to be kicking and

THERE is a group of 10 friends in all all in their all white. college educated with successful and they have a message for The New Come visit us. They voted for Trump and consider themselves racist or But they thanks to The Times and its fixation on most extreme most people think they are. They would like a chance to show and one of wrote my office to extend the invitation. Since the I have been on the phone with many Times readers around the including to discuss their concerns about The coverage of the presidential election. The number of complaints coming into the public office is five times the normal and the pace has only just recently tapered off. My colleague who oversees the letters to the says the influx from readers is one of the largest since Sept. 11. Many people are commenting on the but many are venting about The coverage. Readers are also taking to the comments section of Times articles to talk about says the community Others are calling into customer care at multiple times the usual rate. They have a variety of including the election coverage. Last J. Trump jumped tweeting that The Times had lost thousands of subscribers since the election. The paper says quite the opposite is the It reports having the largest subscription increase since the first week of the digital pay in 2011. I assume that The Times has more accurate data than Trump. But I hope any chest thumping about the impressive subscriber bump obscure a look at coverage. Because from my conversations with and from the emails that have come into my I can tell you there is a searing level of dissatisfaction out there with many aspects of the coverage. Readers complain heatedly and repeatedly about the forecasting odometer from The Upshot that was anchored on the home page and predicted that had an 80 percent chance or better of winning. They complain that The attempt to tap the sentiments of Trump supporters was lacking. And they complain about the liberal tint The Times applies to its without awareness that it does. Few could deny that if more moderate supporters are feeling bruised right the blame lies partly with their candidate and his penchant for inflammatory rhetoric. But the media is at fault for turning his remarks into a grim caricature that it applied to those who backed him. What struck me is how many liberal voters I spoke with felt too. They were they want a news source that fairly covers people across the spectrum. of says he want to be opinions that The Times thinks he should and he want his primary news source to stereotype half the country as racists. judge Black Lives Matters by its most extremist and we judge Trump followers by told me. The national desk of The Times has correspondents around the and they filed a steady stream of compelling stories from voters between coastal And yet between the horse race and the campaign much of their work was simply drowned out. That left many of the readers I spoke with feeling like The Times was a swirl of and other readers said The liberalism sounds the loudest the closer you get to the Opinion perhaps not surprisingly. too many of the of both the regular columnists and even guest are from people with similar views. read The Times for 50 and tired of the old said of Great Mass. He said welcome some fresher voices. of Silver raises a different issue. She supported Sanders in the primary. But she told me she saw evidence early on that The Times believed would win the nomination and kept pushing that scenario. It anticipated an and it stuck with it. Sanders would have a they would cast it in terms of what it meant for said. was the same approach through the In her editors and reporters developed a story and the only perspective they presented. expect more from The she said. The executive Dean and its sent an extraordinary letter to subscribers that was in part an attempt to assure readers there was some going on in the newsroom about its coverage. It included a vow to ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism. That is to report and the world without fear or striving always to understand and reflect all political perspectives and life But they also used the occasion to congratulate themselves on their agile and creative coverage on election and they praised their journalism as fair to both candidates and unflinching in its scrutiny. I suspect that gesture soothed some but many others were expecting more of an apology. And some were repelled by what they described as a tone and what several viewed as a lack of sincerity. Eve an obstetrician in New saw the letter through the lens of her own profession. medicine when something goes we did we get this What should we do We break it down to its very basic she said. would have preferred a real she and some sense that The Times was looking inward. WHAT struck me most as I spoke with readers is how to a they had something to say that was smart and reasonable. They randomly selected I chose them from an of complaints but they had reactions that were well worth hearing. I found myself wishing someone from the newsroom was on the line with especially to hear how many of the more liberal voters wanted more balanced coverage. Not an echo chamber of liberal but an honest reflection of reality. I also hope someone will pay a visit to and her friends in North welcome a chance to reflect back on The coverage from a living room full of Trump backers. and her husband considered canceling their subscription to The but holding off for now. give The Times a she said. hope you guys will give people like us a chance too. time to lay down our

CITY The air felt leaden in the hallways at West High School on the morning after Election Day. The usual clatter from the 2,000 students was muffled. At was in the cafeteria when she said a boy she barely knew roughly bumped into her and swore at her. back he told Ms. who is and an and wears a The overheard by a friend at Ms. side though denied by the male student set off a turbulent week of fury and demonstrations at West a large public school in this university which prides itself on its openness and progressivism. Minorities make up nearly 40 percent of the student body at West a far more diverse mix than the typical school. In the hours and days after Ms. encounter in the similar incidents students said. One girl said she was surrounded by heckling students and called a terrorist. Another said she saw people chanting in the hallways when they passed black students. In one a student noted the absence of a classmate and announced to the wonder if she got Like many other schools around the country since the West High has become a microcosm of the United States a place roiled by divisions and mistrust. Students in many schools say supporters of J. Trump have felt empowered to lash out at while outraged backers of have been spurred to organize and demonstrate. And teachers have been struggling to provide guidance even as they themselves are processing the election results. In a suburb of St. students walked out of a high school twice in a week to protest racist comments made at school after the election of Trump. Two students were disciplined for telling black students boarding a bus that they should sit in the back. Swastikas were drawn in a bathroom at a middle school in which has many students. Children all over the particularly and have fearfully asked teachers and guidance counselors whether they and their families will be deported. The Southern Poverty Law which has been tracking thousands of such episodes since the said the most commonly reported locations for harassment were schools. impossible to wall schools off from the rest of said the director of Teaching a program of the law center. just seeped into the culture. Kids are hearing it at home and amplifying At West some teachers and parents have encouraged students to walk out of class to protest racism and sexism and to support a pluralistic society. Others were livid at the saying the teenagers were overreacting. Some emailed administrators to ask why some students were allowed to skip class for protests during a crucial finals week. A few teachers have responded by hugging crying students and reassuring them that they are loved. One assured an emotional student that orchestra class a safe space where we can all get together and make the student said. But an teacher to the dismay of some teenagers in her that the election was over and not going to talk about Everybody seems to agree that the school is a changed place. a different environment said Jade 16. feel very upset and afraid for my friends. People are using the election as an excuse to discriminate against each other Even Trump supporters say they feel under siege. Two girls walked into the office after the election and told him that as they did not feel safe walking through the were receiving dirty looks and felt they were not an equal to other the said. Mason a member of the Young Republicans said he had publicly supported Trump during the campaign but was upset by the slurs directed at students in the aftermath. Now other students are angrily blaming him for he no longer wears his for because he does not want to be lumped in with the people accused of making insulting comments to minorities. hearing about that I was honestly he said. heard it before. Usually all polite to each The trouble began at West High on morning after Election when teachers received an email from the principal warning Be objective about the election results and remind students of the inclusiveness. be positive and strong and teach the heck out of our kids wrote in the email. victory the earth that we stood on a little said in an interview. had a pit in my stomach that a social studies arrived at school prepared to talk to his students about democracy and the importance of fidelity to its long and sometimes difficult process. knew it was going to be I knew it was going to take a lot of he said. expected I expected fear and I expected In her a was faced with three students who were distraught over the election results. She was but tried to stay focused on the mission of her class. told it in she said. After Ms. encounter in the the first teacher she approached was Ms. came to my crying and questioning if she should take off her said Ms. who encouraged her to tell the principal. Ms. said she was not ready. was I just want to go home and talk about she said. about it with my family and my After Ms. left her Ms. sought out ran straight to his she said. They sat on the stairs in a hallway and spoke in hushed tones. are we going to How can we work through The story spread around the school and reached school who questioned the male student. He denied saying anything derogatory. the said video showed an encounter between the two students in the but did not pick up what was said. By he had made a trying to calm tensions by telling students that discriminatory behavior would not be tolerated. A group of students decided to hold a rally the next day. They marched out of school on holding signs that read Trumps No to and Hate in Our On some students gathered in the handing out safety pins to wear on shirts in a gesture of togetherness. showing solidarity and said a junior. showing that not going to tolerate all this bigotry On a few dozen students closed out the day with another protest. They walked out of their classes at and gathered inside the main where they sat with duct tape over their mouths. When the school day concluded at 4 the hallways filled with students who stopped short and at the group. the social studies stood on the sidelines and watched the reaction. The next marked one week and one day since the election. It was a scheduled day a quick breath between trimesters. good he said. think they need

The Haggler loves a great consumer mystery. why are hotel thermostats so varied and Do we really need smart And one that recently flitted across the When Taco Bell conceived its Cheesy Core Burrito a cheese burrito stuffed inside a beef burrito did it ever consider cramming the whole concoction into yet even bigger burrito and calling it the Triple Emails to Taco Bell with this perfectly reasonable question were not returned. Some consumer mysteries have solutions. Some of them do not. In this an example of the Q. I work at a nonprofit in Toward the end of I received a bill from a company called for worth of printer toner. Less than a month later I received another bill for worth of the same product. Historically we have paid to a year for though to a different company. As I later we had never hired When I got the second I called the company. A representative was very apologetic but basically made it seem that we in ordered in toner. This guy agreed to lower the price of the second shipment to At the time I assumed we had a deal with this operation. So I wrote a check and thought that was that. But the weirdness was just starting. Soon I got a call from a man at a company never heard of. He said he worked with and would cut the cost of the second shipment to if I paid his company via credit card and canceled the check for to I gave him our credit card I canceled the check to and once this is over. Of the guy from called and he asked why the check had been canceled. I really thought we were caught in the middle of a fight between two companies. A few weeks a man named from called me and said the people from the other company were crooks and that I needed to report fraudulent activity on my card. This tale goes on and right through It turns out that we had been sending money to as far back as 2014. In we spent and wound up with 48 cartridges. If you do the we paid about 10 times the price charged by Amazon. We used 18 cartridges. happily send back the remaining 30 for a refund. Can you try to arrange that New A. dear you are wondering why the Haggler described this case as a mystery. really should not exist. In late the Federal Bureau of the United States Secret the police in and the Orange County district office arrested 21 people linked to the company and charged them with operating a scheme to sell toner at inflated prices. The toner swindle has been around for and sounds like a classic example. Inflated prices were just part of it. Prosecutors said would pose as the regular toner suppliers of its which turned out to be a very effective sales strategy. From the time it began operating in netted about million from 50,000 the authorities mostly small businesses and charities. So why is in the toner What connection does this company have with the one that prompted the The Haggler called Ms. had his number and he sounded like a perfectly reasonable guy. He offered to answer questions via email. neither the Haggler nor Ms. could fully make sense of account of this misadventure. The clear part was that thought had done all that it could to help Ms. nonprofit organization. He also said that had begun winding down operations and ceased taking new orders in In a the Haggler asked about the arrests. Though name was not on the list of those an obvious question presented Why did appear to be in business as recently as have referred this to upper who will refer it to the he replied the next day. is the extent of the response that I can give No lawyer from the company has contacted the Haggler. When the Haggler suggested the swap requested by Ms. did not reply. The Haggler was still left wondering about the peculiar resilience of So he contacted a spokesman for the United States office for the Central District of in In an wrote that the operator of was told to shut down the company as a condition of his release on bond this summer. recently spoke with his who informed us that the company was no longer doing continued. will look into this matter in an attempt to determine if the same perhaps operating under different is still in So a mystery to the too. If any answers rest they will be shared right here.

Two days before the start of last winter Major League annual the Mets announced that General Manager Sandy could not attend the event in because he was dealing with a treatable form of cancer. Everyone in baseball attends the winter meetings. All 30 teams send the members of their front often accompanied by scouts and owners. Most agents are too. With beginning his main lieutenants agreed to turn to one point man during what turned out to be four busy and critical days in their John the assistant general manager since 2004. handled it in such a way that everything that was I felt it was being done by and a compliment to said General Manager who watched from afar. Before those casual Mets fans knew of if they had heard of him at as the longtime assistant general manager. Yet inside the Mets and across was a and respected a steadying force inside the baseball operations through years of both contending and rebuilding. He has served as the man to three Mets general and During the Mets have reached the National League Championship Series in 2006 and rebounded from financial losses sustained in the L. scandal to reach the World Series in 2015. But perhaps the best effort yet was role in helping the front office patch up an 2016 team with moves that turned them into a team. fortunate to have said. time has gone taken on more and I have tremendous faith in his health has improved since last but function will remain the same during another important for the Mets. With many injured players expected to have the Mets may be a force next season. To they hope to retain the outfielder an last but they may have to display the same nimbleness as they did last With at home during the winter the Mets courted but he signed with the Cubs. A day the Mets traded for Walker to shore up second base and signed to play shortstop. helped lead the efforts in while staying in constant touch with and he spoke to reporters at every turn. everyone saw at the winter meetings is what we see on a said the director of baseball who has worked with for a dozen years. cool and collected in pressure and he can handle himself fine as a leader. been in the middle of every single one of our big acquisitions for the last 12 path to the front office began in a newsroom. Growing up in was a fan an allegiance that has long since fizzled. He wanted a career in sports but was not sure in exactly what capacity. He worked at the student newspaper at where he earned a degree in and by his second semester he was the sports editor. He secured an internship at the affiliate in and did some freelance work for television production companies. After he graduated in sent his to every television network and baseball team and received no interest. he cast a wider net to public relations and through a chance connection he landed an interview with then the director of media relations. spent 1991 as an intern in the media relations department. was open to anything in and this is kind of what he said. That internship led to this time in the League media relations back when each league had its own office. That led to a and then an offer to run the waiver wire. He administered all of the learning the nuances of rules. was 23 years old doing and that was kind of my ticket into where I am said. started working with the and assistant on a daily basis and advising them on different That sparked love for the details of navigating the juggling the moving pieces of the major league and minor league balancing a budget. After four years of moved to Major League labor relations department a breeding ground for future team executives and learned about the salary arbitration system and the collective bargaining agreement with the union. Over the next 12 moved his way up in the handling matters including player dealing with agents and helping Rob before he became determine the financial components of the labor agreements with the union. made a lot of said. In when took over as general manager of the he remembered the former intern who had blossomed in the office and tried to hire him. turned down the offer of an assistant general manager position because he felt there was more he wanted to learn abut contract negotiations and the economics of baseball. Other teams tried to lure as well. When became the general manager of the Expos in his first call was to in interviewed with the Mets and accepted offer to become his assistant general manager. was brought in more because they knew I had experience with the rules and said. were the two areas and still remain my bread and After a was pushed aside and replaced by The Mets made splashes over the next two trading for and Lo and signing and Billy kept everything together when I was there and allowed me to go and pursue the said. a lot of he was running the whole pushed to watch games alongside the top scouts. learned how to evaluate hire capable ones and rely on them. Like most modern general did not come from a scouting but he has proved to be a successful executive because of qualities that he said also possessed. is a good and takes input from a lot of different and able to synthesize them to make good said. been exposed enough to scouting and player development that able to manage After was fired in the owners told they wanted to hire a general manager from outside the organization. helped line up interviews and prepared questions for the man who became his new boss. knew well from their dealings during his time in the as well as his turns as the top executive of the Athletics and the Padres. duties encompass every aspect of the organization. As vice president and assistant general is responsible for the operation of an organization that has about 250 players across all levels and 175 employees. and the special assistant J. P. are the key baseball for the Mets. oversees the budget. The major league payroll was about million in and their budget was about million. coordinates the medical and training and keeps the owners and Manager Terry abreast of health. He travels with the team on about half the road giving him a chance to spend time with his and their three children when he is not on the road. He spends half his day on his email or on the including time on the drive to Field from his home in Cedar something I he said. it is relentless. There are no two ways about It is And because the demands are great on a general manager in the largest market in the has helped with the media aspect of his job. While recuperating at home during last winter watched how handled himself during his televised interviews. He said he believed was ready to lead a team one day. worked for three different general managers and learned something from every one of said. done it in a difficult market that tolerate any mistakes too

After incurring their wrath for his handling of the investigation into email some Democrats now see B. the as a potential ally in trying to block J. promises to revive the practice of sending terrorism suspects to the military prison at and interrogate them using banned techniques such as For three has helped carry out President in which agents have interrogated suspected terrorists and turned them over to the Justice Department for prosecution in criminal courts. During his confirmation hearing in told the Senate Judiciary Committee that he believed was torture. nominee to serve as attorney Senator has been a fierce critic of the approach. He has argued that terrorism suspects should be sent to Bay and interrogated without access to lawyers and the right to remain silent. If Sessions would be boss. Sessions has also said the United States weakened itself by banning techniques such as which he said were legal and effective. He voted against the Detainee Treatment Act in 2005 that prohibited cruel or degrading treatment of detainees. Last he voted against legislation requiring all government agencies to use only interrogation methods in the Army Field Manual. Those techniques do not include Sessions has said he would not rule out again. would be unwise advice to the enemy we the senator said in 2008. He has opposed the closing of the Bay prison and the transporting of terrorists to the United States to face trial in federal court. The positions taken by in recent years could put him at odds with not just Sessions but other members of national security team. the recent slate of appointments from the Director may well turn out to be a bulwark against the worst abuses and provide some defense of the rule of said of the Center for Justice at New who is a frequent critic of the Gen. T. who was offered the key position of national security adviser in the Trump White has said he might be open to using enhanced interrogation with certain if the country faced a terrorism attack using weapons of mass destruction or another grave threat. Representative Mike Republican of choice to run the Central Intelligence is an advocate of restarting the detention and interrogation which ended. has criticized decision in 2009 to shut down the prisons and require all interrogators to strictly adhere to laws and use only Army Field Manual interrogation techniques. In he accused of refusing take the war on radical terrorism citing among other policies the our interrogation program in also took aim at a Senate report on the detention and interrogation saying its release had put lives at risk. Under the has worked with the military to capture and prosecute terrorism suspects in federal court. In agents and Army Delta Force captured a suspected ringleader of the 2012 terrorist attacks in and took him to a Navy ship in the Sea. including criticized the saying should have been taken to Bay. a former analyst who led the Senate investigation into the detention and interrogation said there was no guarantee that would ally himself with Democrats to oppose a change in policy under Trump. refusal while deputy attorney general in the W. Bush administration to sign on to a National Security Agency surveillance program an action that burnished a reputation for political independence mean not a conservative Republican in opposition to the Democratic said. drew criticism from Democrats after notifying Congress on 28 that the had discovered emails potentially relevant to the case involving use of a private email server as secretary of only to say days before the election that they did not change his determination that she should not face charges. among has said his actions contributed to her losing the election. a security consultant and former agent who has supported criminal trials for said deserved credit for making hard decisions in the email case. He predicted would do the same in a new administration. he win all the I believe he said. he stand up and I believe

a who revolutionized night life in New with weekly dance parties he gave at his downtown beginning in died on at his home in He was 72. The New City medical office said it was investigating the cause. called most influential figure in night life by the music journalists Bill and Frank in their book Record brought to his night gatherings the values of the an fascination with sound technology and a voracious appetite for all styles of music. The parties at the as apartment came to be became a rite for the underground. From midnight until 6 sound system delivered an eclectic musical mix to an audience that one tenant in his talking to a New Times reporter in called of the more bizarre segments of our A party was a dream of love and gay and young and and singles and all mingling ecstatically in an space. you had the civil rights movement going you had gay liberation going told the website Red Bull Music Academy Daily in had all these movements going on. All this music that was coming from all different it was all over the place. As long as you had a neutral place where people could come and just enjoy there was such incredibly good The parties provided the model for dozens of clubs to notably the Paradise Garage in and the Warehouse in and decisively influenced the culture and musical styles associated with from disco onward to the worlds of and started to gravitate to the Loft when they were finished with their own parties for the and it was there that some of the most influential of the future Tony Morales and many more would learn about the sonic and social potential of the the author of Saves the A History of Dance Music wrote in an email. was born on in His known as placed him in an asylum for children two days after he was born. She took him back in when he was 5. He was the product of a love affair his mother had had while her was serving in the military. dropped out of high school and in 1962 moved to New where he worked a variety of jobs before renting a on near in 1965. He enjoyed playing records for friends and invested in a sound system that featured two pairs of known for maintaining clarity even at high volume. Economically decided to issue invitations and sell tickets for what were essentially rent parties. The on Day bore the title Love Saves the whose initials were significant. the end of 1970 you squeeze anyone else and it stayed like that for four and a half told a professor of cultural studies at the University of East for his book. remember when we had the first blizzard and people walked from over the did not call himself a He shrank from the limelight. His goal was to disappear into the music and allow its power to transform the audience. A he played records from beginning to untouched and unaltered. Responding to the energy of the he orchestrated a wave of with an integrated light that lasted until dawn. Evenings were structured in three a term that Timothy had taken from Book of the to describe the phases of an a peaceful embarkation leading to followed by a calm into the real world. musical tastes were adventurous. would play everything from jazz to classical and everything in he told the website in 2003. As the parties caught his nod of approval could move a record commercially. by the saxophonist became a hit after began playing and he gave early exposure to dance records like La by Original and featured on the soundtrack of the film Night was amazing to go to a place that was playing records never heard before and putting them together in a way never heard said who covered the disco scene for The Village Voice. heard connections between very different songs and musics and could put them together over a period of creating a sense of movement through the night that was In helped create the New Record for distributing promotional records among the growing population of It would then send information on how the records were being received back to the companies. feedback would be just two personal reaction and floor he told the record label would go back and redo it or whatever until they got it The Loft shifted location several times. After trouble with other tenants and the Buildings moved to Prince Street in in 1975 when that building was moved again in to the eastern fringes of the East where the dangers of the neighborhood discouraged attendance. Rising rents and gentrification chased him from one location to the next for several years. later limited his parties to five or six a year in New at a rented and collaborated with organizers in and to present parties. There was no immediate word on survivors. approach remained the same. to support a he told the newspaper in 1998. that simple. I always like and I always like people being

who were detained by the police while they were on a bus bound for have been released to a human rights an advocate for rights said The of the International Campaign for said early in that the human rights the Human Rights Organization of and other contacts in had told her that immigration officials and the police had allowed all the to be released. Ms. said the were mostly from and regions now ruled by and were on a pilgrimage to sacred sites in and It is likely that they planned to go in to an important the in an she said. It is unclear what those will do now. They could end up at the transit center of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees. From many make their way to against wishes. Ms. said the were in a precarious The Human Rights Organization of did not respond to an email asking for an update on the situation of the The the spiritual leader of the is expected to teach at the gathering from 3 to 14. He offers this teaching regularly at different and many try to make their way to the site where the attained when the Lama travels there from his home in northern to teach. In security officials detained hundreds of after they returned from the in Many of them were released later. The government opposes the Lama and calls him a but remain devoted to and many try to travel to to see him. Since a widespread uprising across regions in the government has increased its security presence on the border and has prevented many from leaving. The number of making their way to has plummeted. China is also exercising greater influence over and in complain of more detentions there and a ban on protests. Ms. said officials were making great efforts to prevent from traveling to this year for the teaching. we know is that the authorities have tightened controls on in some areas going from house to house to confiscate she said. the last few government officials have confiscated passports in the areas of and and according to some also in and the Autonomous she added. who have already arrived in and for pilgrimage and for attending the religious ceremony in have already been ordered to and their families pressured by the no doubt for this group of things will be very she given that they will now be on the radar of the authorities in given the nature of the relationship between the two

The potential for conflicts of interest between J. Trump and his business ventures emerged again when a photograph was distributed that showed his daughter at a meeting between Trump and the prime minister of Japan. News reporters were not allowed to attend the first with a foreign head of and no summary was provided about what was discussed. A separate photograph was distributed press photographers were not allowed to cover the event showing that Ms. was present for at least part of the gathering. Prime Minister of Japan said after the meeting that he had a candid with Trump. He did not discuss who else attended the gathering or elaborate on the topics discussed. Ms. Trump will be among the members of the family who will be placed in charge of business which include an international chain of hotels with operations in and North She serves as vice president for development and acquisitions at the Trump and the website says one of her focuses has been to bring the Trump Hotel brand to global She also owns a jewelry Trump Fine with the Trump Organization describing her as of the most recognized and influential young businesswomen After transition office was asked by The New Times about allowing Ms. Trump to attend the meeting with the prime an individual close to the who said she did not have authorization to provide her hinted that Ms. Trump would not be attending meetings like this in the future. Trump has always encouraged and his children to attend meetings with the person close to the family said. meeting in question was very informal. they obviously need to adjust to the new realities at which they This Ms. jewelry company sent out a notice to reporters with a photograph of her wearing a gold bangle bracelet that she had worn during an interview her family did with trying to use the appearance as an opportunity to sell more items. find attached a style alert of wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection over the weekend on 60 the vice president for sales at Trump Fine said in the email. the president of Trump Fine apologized for the promotion of Ms. bracelet after the attributing it to marketing Ms. are discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going Ms. presence also disturbed some current and former State Department including who left the department in after serving as a deputy assistant secretary of state for public affairs. Anyone present for such a conversation between two heads of state at a have security Ms. and should also be an expert in affairs. of two heads of state is never an informal Ms. said. a casual mention or a nod of agreement or an assertion left unchallenged can be interpreted in different of the Project on Government Oversight said that regardless of what was discussed at the it was inappropriate for Ms. Trump to be present at a private meeting among such a small group of people given that she is an executive at a corporation involved in international business development. These early episodes Ms. why Trump must put his assets into a blind in which an independent party manages instead of turning them over to his children to as Trump has proposed. have people with financial conflicts of interest mixing with White House Ms. said. The Wall Street in an editorial on went so far as to urge Trump to sell off all his golf courses and other and then take that cash and turn it over to a blind as that would be the only way to avoid all possible conflicts.

new Long Halftime contains sights perhaps never so vividly rendered in a movie. When bullet casings fly from a machine each one is clearly visible rather than appearing in a blur. When Billy a soldier on leave from tears up at the national anthem or experiences battle flashbacks during the smoke bombs of a Child the emotions in his eyes register with uncommon clarity. On the other when Martin mugs as the owner of a pro football his face contains a level of detail normally preferred by dermatologists. These are the of working at a high frame the speed at which a film is shot in some projected. The rate has a strong effect on an sharpness. Lee shot at 120 frames per far faster than the standard for about 90 years. Few theaters are presenting it at that so most viewers are out of luck or perhaps better depending on your views on frame rates. For some like Peter who shot at 48 frames per to largely negative reaction and higher frame rates are the future of an opportunity to correct the motion blur that afflicts action sequences shot at the standard rate. Introducing at the New Film Festival last who won a directing for his work with digital cinema on of expressed trepidation about reaction to what he called of an experimental and asked the audience to keep an open mind. He had reason to worry. of The Reporter offered a typical reaction. The he wrote in his had the distancing sharpness of many outsize High frame rates used in video games and on television. And the accustomed to the softer texture of see the extreme sharpness of cinema and feel intuitively that stumbled into a theatrical broadcast or a football game. you start increasing the frame rate of the whether 48 or 60 or it can tend to start looking like a television said a director and special effects expert who has been a pioneer in high frame rates. In the he developed the which ran at 60 frames per second. he there is no need for that can guarantee you that we can make a movie that does not look like The 24 at which most even digitally projected are was always something of an accident. At the dawn of when the rate was going more slowly would have muddied the audio and going faster would have exceeded the sensitivity of existing film said Dean one of the editors of and an inventor of a process from the late that never got beyond a demonstration clip. There were other experiments with frame rates in the celluloid era. The process of the ran at 30 frames per second. used three simultaneous projectors and ran at 26 frames per second. In both the higher rates were needed to accommodate outsize screens that made flicker and blur more visible. J. an academic who studies visual cognition at University of said there is no scientific reason 24 frames per second should be more appealing to viewers. coming into the cinema with is the same audiovisual sensory system we have before we go into the he said. In he the move to a higher frame rate should to more more effortless processing by the visual Acculturation may be the main reason moviegoers find the sharpness interesting that people are sensitive to Smith said. seeing a crispness to the which is unfamiliar in the cinema context. Their main frame of reference seems to be or and kind of implied by that association is or or Is it good to have hard to But the film historian said that high frame rates have only as a solution to a problem that is specific to digital particularly murky digital which grows less murky when frames are added. He noted that at least on a there was never any of the dreaded stammer in the panning shots of Max or Jean who doubt it should see the films not to he wrote by email. For who demonstrated rates for Lee but did not take part in the production of the increased film speed of his process was a natural outgrowth of the move toward bigger screens and bigger spectacles in the and but a faster rate was never taken up as the industry moved toward multiplexes and tiny auditoriums. He was effusive about Lee and his willingness to experiment a brave and courageous he said. But after watching the movie at the New Film he pleased. was really upset when I was at the premiere of that it was in a very he said. He felt that it was projected with too much that it needed dark time between frames. perceive them as but movies are successions of still images and on most each flash is interspersed with moments of has almost no darkness. In the technical found that there was no real advantage in terms of the way that the movie with added dark time. also said that it was crucial to present the film on a screen that filled a wider frame of like to show the benefits of rates and to keep cinematic texture. draw conclusions about high frame rates as a result of being incorrectly he said. would be really has a competing rate which is different from But he said Magi has solved what he sees as the problems of It may also be he for filmmakers to alter their approaches to suit the format. He recalled his own experience working on the visual effects of A Space for which the camera motion was slowed so that the visuals would look smooth on a giant screen. what kind of led to the style of the he said. Like said that it was possible to retain the cinematic texture while gaining the clarity of the higher frame rate. lavishly praised in 1999 by Roger among others looked new and traditional at the same he recalled. But he emphasized that he necessarily regard that texture as the right one. up for the individual artist to

Artistic star spokeswoman. the artistic director of National is one busy woman. Ms. a former Royal Ballet principal has been in her current job for four and she has made a startling difference to National Ballet a touring company of 67 dancers that has no home theater and has struggled for a long time to establish its identity in the shadow of the Royal. On her company began a run of critically praised at Wells. Ms. commissioned the piece last part of her approach. She is also the marquee ballerina with a fellow Royal Ballet somehow managing to keep up her technical form and artistry while acting as a cheerleader and glamorous ad for her organization. Does she a you learn Ms. said. Looking pale and slightly Ms. even appeared full of energy in an interview earlier this month at the headquarters near Royal Hall. Every she involves a juggling act between dancing and directorial with her attention constantly pulled among the needs of her administrative meetings and performing. There are few female ballet company but Ms. knew it was a job she wanted. can have a much wider impact on society as a than a she said. think ballet can be so much more do so much than it does Since succeeding Eagling in she has worked that commissioning works from three relatively unknown female and a program from and She has also programmed challenging works by and And last she formed an association with Wells that has given National Ballet a base to showcase its contemporary work. That is kind of that a touring ballet company otherwise do in this the chief dance critic for The said in an referring to recent cuts in arts financing. Ms. has a narrow path to walk between popular appeal and artistic innovation. National Ballet Festival Ballet until was founded in 1950 by the ballet stars and with the aim of taking ballet to the provinces. The troupe still has a touring and with subsidies at a much lower level than those of Royal it depends on certainties like and an annual annual budget is about with million coming from Arts Council a government seen so many directors come through over the years some of them with visionary a dance critic for The said in an email. were defeated by cautiousness of the board and by the remit from Arts Council England to deliver ballet to the Ms. who danced with National Ballet for three years before joining Royal Ballet in mean to lose. actually saw advantages in most of the things people thought of as she said. means you can really build young artists by giving them proper time And the beauty of rivaling the Royal is that we can really create an identity of our own. How should we look at the classical repertory and perform it Ballet has been her passion since she was Ms. when she first glimpsed a class was a after school in where she grew up. Her parents were not well off and made sacrifices to send her to an excellent ballet run by Victor whose company she joined at 16. After winning the International Dance Competition in she left to join National where she spent just six months before being approached by then the director of National Ballet. She think about directing a she until government approached her in when she was with Royal Ballet. president wanted something like an National Ballet for a touring and he wanted to know what it would what infrastructure would it would I take Ms. said. felt it was too early for but I began to do the and I realized that I wanted to know as much as possible about how to run a government did not go ahead with the Ms. later participated in training for future artistic shadowing at the National Ballet of When the Royal Ballet directorship opened in she was a although the job ultimately went to Ms. said she was relieved. few years this position became she I knew what I could achieve Ms. is a said the artistic director of Wells. is out looking for making things looking for a brilliant he said. the financial she has been able to be more fleet of foot than she would have been at the Royal. The challenges for her are to raise enough and keep audience numbers Ms. big challenge will be raising money for the planned 2018 move from its current cramped location to new headquarters it will share with National Ballet School in Canning East It will cost about she said. As well as doubling studio the new building will have a production studio with a stage and full lighting and sound capability. stage is big enough for but the theater has a capacity of just a ballet company will invest on average 1.8 million million a new then give themselves two days because just too Ms. said. with theater and its weeks of previews. But the same audience. Right we are asking them to somehow bear with and I want that. I want you to be moved and impressed and intrigued and overwhelmed. I want audiences to have the highest

For a brief after a white supremacist carried out a massacre of black churchgoers in it seemed as though the Confederate battle that most divisive of might soon be on its way out of the political arena. But now that explosive and complicated vestige of the Old South is in a new to some newly disturbing context. During J. followers drawn to his rallies occasionally displayed the flag and other Confederate iconography. Since the his supporters and others have displayed the flag as a kind of rejoinder to protesters in places such as St. Fort and Traverse On Election Day in the flag appeared at a high school Trump where students reportedly told your leaving The day at College in the M. spoke to a worried describing his discomfort at seeing Confederate flags on display in the nearby city of Mount said that seeing the battle flag flying at a traditional unity parade in her felt someone had punched me in the Those who have publicly embraced the flag are a small minority of the more than 60 million who voted for Trump in the 8 election. But these and hundreds of reports of insults and threats directed at minorities and are forcing to confront vexing questions about the future of race relations under Trump and the extent to which his campaign has animated white resentment and even a budding white nationalism. The emergence of the flag in a context also comes as liberals and others have harshly criticized Trump for appointing as his chief White House strategist K. the former head of a website they accuse of trafficking in misogynist and ideas. Shortly after the an article posted on argued that the Confederacy was patriotic and idealistic and that its flag a glorious every every picket every telegraph pole in the South should be festooned with the Confederate battle the wrote. it high and fly it with How much the resurgence reflects anything more than the sentiments of those who fly it remains unclear. a native New declared shortly after announcing his candidacy that he supported a call by Gov. R. of South to remove the flag from the grounds of the Statehouse there after the mass shooting in The State after passionate eventually agreed to remove the flag. think they should put it in the let it respect whatever it is that you have to because it was a point in and put it in a Trump told reporters at the time. Historians say the battle flag has had shifting meanings over a symbol of white resistance to integration during the Civil Rights a more complicated but still racially charged symbol now. Grace a professor of studies and history at the University of who has written extensively about the segregation and white said the flag had long been a symbol for outsiders and a rebuke to the forces of decorum and political correctness. She said its use both in the South and outside could be seen as an expression of concern that white culture been displaced as the for the first time definitely in my people outside the South in a very public claiming a white racial she said. a Republican state representative from the small town of was one of a number of lawmakers who voted against removing the flag from the Statehouse grounds in 2015. To a supporter of the flag represents the heritage of those who fought for the Confederacy. But he acknowledged that the flag had also been by hate Asked why the flag was turning up in the hands of Trump he said he thought that it might be part of a backlash of working white voters who suspect that people in their often minorities are taking advantage of the federal welfare system. lot of these people who go to work every day are in the line at the grocery and over half the people are bringing out these to pay for the he said. Two days after the presidential race Ms. a writer and editor who lives in was back in her hometown to watch the Return Day a tradition in which winners and losers of local elections ride through town together in a show of and party leaders come together to bury an actual hatchet. There were marching bands and smiling and Ms. felt that perhaps the country was on its way to healing after a particularly ugly election. Then a white pickup rolled flying an a Trump flag and the battle flag. Ms. a white was standing next to a black friend at the time. I was Ms. said. She suspects that some white Trump supporters are indulging in new freedom to be politically incorrect now that the first president is on the way out. Trump declared his candidacy on the day before the massacre. He would go on to see his political stock rise at the same time as backlash was particularly among people who felt their heritage as white Southerners was under attack. Across the flag supporters staged more than 350 rallies after the shooting. During the the activist and filmmaker Rod documented the sale of Confederate flags with emblazoned on them outside a Trump rally in He said that he saw the flags for sale outside about 10 other campaign rallies. In inside a rally in a Trump supporter named draped such a flag over a although a campaign staff member and the local police eventually had it removed. told that he was not a racist or a white and he argued that the flag was about the Civil which he said about racism at because blacks fought in both Northern and Southern armies. said that he thought Trump would be fine with the display of the flag. he understands the he said. Since Election anecdotal accounts of discrimination targeting racial and religious minorities and bisexual and people have overrun news reports and social media. National organizations have begun tracking the seeking to verify their veracity and identify trends. The Southern Poverty Law Center has received more than 430 the majority of them for followed by episodes. Many of the events have occurred on middle and high school campuses. The Southern Poverty Law Center reports that many of the which range from offensive vandalism to physical have invoked Trump and his campaign slogans. The center has also collected some reports of Trump supporters being harassed by opponents. In an interview with that aired on Trump turned directly to the camera and addressed those who would commit hateful acts. will say right to the Stop he said. Though Trump called for the removal of the flag from the South the flag has ardent supporters among prominent members of the the group of conservatives that the League has called group of white nationalists and unabashed and Some extol the flag as a symbol of white resistance. Others describe something broader. the confederate Has become the universal symbol of Ray a Trump supporter and popular personality who goes by wrote in when he shared on Twitter a photograph of nationalists with the flag. the new context can seem almost baffling to those Southerners for have been making the case that it is strictly a symbol of Southern sacrifice from a war settled long ago. we are naturally suspicious of all politicians and political parties because they have completely politicized our symbols and the commander of the North division of the Sons of Confederate wrote in an email this week. The he keep flags and other symbols of Confederate heritage intact are usually hard against long odds and without any political

A movement is growing to bring together women across creed and political beliefs by luring them off social media and arranging for them to meet in person. a nice but one The March on is being organized on the preferred platform to battle over politics and just about everything else. The timing of the which organizers began planning the morning after the election but are careful not to call a is aimed at the coming administration of J. Trump. More than 100,000 people have said on that they will travel to the capital to participate. The plan is to walk from the Memorial to the White House on the morning after inauguration. doing it his very first day in office because we are making a one said. marginalized groups you attacked during your We are here and we are watching. to the White Since Election there has been momentum around supporting groups that are opposed to espoused views on women and minority groups. Nonprofit including the Planned Parenthood Federation of and the Civil Liberties have reported a surge in donations after the election. But the election taught that women are deeply divided along party education level and 53 percent of white women voted for according to exit poll data. On the march it is easy to see how complicated the idea of the an already mythological has and how difficult it might be for organizers to fulfill their aim of gathering women who remain fiercely divided on reproductive gun marriage and among other issues. Not everyone on the page for that would have made a good or that K. a chief strategist under holds divisive views about minorities. Debates over both have sprung up in recent days. Bob one of the march said in an email that organizers in had to change a page from public to private to protect the safety of women who want to attend. a yoga teacher from who is helping efforts to organize for the said the group had nixed a possible idea for a slogan rights are and rights are human because it was something that once said. is not an Ms. said. is the reaction of women and minorities across the world who are very disturbed by the rhetoric that was said over the last year and a Aside from dueling political organizers are trying to take feedback from a cacophony of voices in real time as they try to assemble a network of state plan programming and arrange transportation and lodging for the event. Ms. a chef who is organizing the event in her spare said the march had no official means of funding yet. There are women on the page who have said that the march is not inclusive and that they want an event organized by white women. Ms. Butler acknowledged the criticism but stressed that the women who are organizing are from different racial and religious backgrounds. was even controversy over the original Organizers have changed the name from Million Woman March to the March on because observers took issue with the fact that the original name echoed a black march held in in Ms. said the greater concern would be helping local groups raise money to help women who afford to travel to reality is that incredibly expensive to fly to on inauguration Ms. Butler said. want only an class of people at this march because no one else can afford to St. who plans to help sign up attendees by visiting synagogues and community centers in New said she had been working to include all types of people including those who have not been on lately. am a woman of color and I am an said Ms. St. who lives in She said of the it has been completely This is all plenty of pressure for a movement without a concrete path to funding but organizers are optimistic as they look ahead to According to Ms. the request for a permit to march is still pending. On a spokesman for the National Park said in an email that the request to march is one of at least 13 requests currently under review for areas the agency administers in the capital. Those also include rallies and demonstrations. said the Park Service was also reviewing five requests for official inauguration events.

If the idea of Black shopping gives you the cheer up. A few innovative approaches can help you find lower prices without having to camp outside a big box store. a of recommended going to websites such as and to buy discounted gift a strategy that works Savings average from 8 to 12 percent. not a but it adds she said in an interview. Instead of buying a gift card before add up your purchases in the store and use an from the site to download the amount you need. This will help curb she said. People who do all of their holiday shopping on the after Thanksgiving are not getting the best Ms. said. The sweet spot for the best bargains is she shopping from 19 onward is not good because retailers know you are and they are less likely to cut prices. She added that 95 percent of the Black bargains to be found in stores with the exception of those deeply discounted items intended to draw shoppers in can be found If you are not keen on shop The week before Black fill your virtual shopping cart with then log out of your account just close your tab but fully log out of the site said Kyle the founder of doing in many it will trigger an automated coupon sent to your pleading for you to come back and complete your purchase with the said in an email. The coupon offers may be for free shipping or discounts of up to 20 percent off a he said. a way to get a Sometimes getting a price break can be as simple as asking. Activate the live chat feature that many retailers have and politely ask for a coupon for free shipping or a percentage off your purchase. live chat operators are trained to see this person has stuff in their cart and prepared to make a purchase throw them a said in a telephone interview. merchandise is usually in such limited supply that only the most dedicated shoppers those who camp outside the store to be the first ones in at opening hour will get what they want. The remaining shoppers become a and now go out and buy a bunch of stuff at near full price or full said. Many of those people will turn around and sell the heavily discounted items on he said. Because they are looking to turn a profit their markups will be modest. Downloading the Amazon can be a useful way to compare prices in stores against the retail giant. a good tool to make sure not making a stupid Ms. said. Many big box stores will match a lower Amazon price if you present proof of the lower price at the customer service desk. That rule is in place but many stores make an exception for Black Sporting Goods and Bed Bath Beyond are among the few retailers who will still honor the price match on Black she said. Skip the shopping because navigating crowded store aisles with one will only prolong your Ms. said. She recommended taking an oversize reusable shopping bag instead. also best to avoid bringing your spouse and children to the she said. more people you the more money going to spend and the more angry going to she said. and impulse all much

Is there any clash of ideas as as the one over our For every steeple and there are wastebaskets full of dashed architectural ambitions. These unbuilt projects often tell us as much about our history and values as the built says with of Built New Take I. M. a sleek hourglass office tower and transit hub proposed in the which would have entailed the demolition of Grand Central Terminal. Even as the rest of took to the road in and struggling railroads were liquidating our city preserved the building in Midtown. about but glad it pan Or imagine floating in a translucent bubble to Governors Island on a gondola designed by Sounds but in 2006 The architecture critic argued that the plan ran up against one of New hottest a spectacular view. And then there was Trump City. J. plan for a on the West Side would have included office 7,600 a huge shopping mall and the tallest building. But its magnitude aroused staunch opposition in the sparking what Trump described as war to the Trump City was eventually downgraded to what is now known as Trump Place earlier this the owner of three buildings removed the name from their adventurous architecture does get built here. Test your knowledge of New new skyline with this Can you identify some of our most iconic modern structures by their what else is on the which day is the fairest of them Today. Sunshine. Blue skies. Enough said. have another divine day on but beginning that night and lasting the rest of the weekend things are looking and wet. How W. a leading contender to become secretary of made millions as The bombing Khan pleaded not guilty to federal charges. Mayor Bill increased New budget by billion. Two men were charged with murdering a in and burying his body on the Jersey Shore. As New sees a spike in reporting of hate crimes following the advertisements have appeared on Long Island. ... And a swastika is spotted on the subway. T. the New State attorney has asked the police department to increase vigilance in fighting hate crime. Gov. M. has set up a If you see say something by calling 392-3644. A whale was spotted near the Statue of Liberty. A woman was sentenced to five years in prison for robbing a legally blind woman. Metropolitan Memorable Night at Ducks exorcise 3-2. Wizards cast spell on 119-112. For a global look at see Your Briefing. Mayor speaks at Only Way is A Citywide Discussion to Boost Voter Turnout in New at New Law School in ... And discuss congestion and traffic around Trump Tower at a press conference at 1 Police Plaza in Downtown The Independent Film Festival continues at the cinema at the Hotel in Times vary. start at The exhibition Unpacking which highlights 60 canonical works of opens at the Metropolitan Museum of Art. 10 suggested A of with and demonstrations of visual at Place in the East Village. Stargazing and a to Stage the Moon at University in Heights. 7 Comedians riff off a screening of the film 9 From Outer at in Queens. 11 Islanders host 7 Rangers at Blue 7 Nets at 8 The Film Festival is showing films starring horses at Village East Cinema in the East Village. Times vary. passes begin at hours of storytelling and a silent in celebration of the new exhibition at Its at the Museum of the City of New 10 Join a race bring a nonperishable item for those in at Park on Island. 10 Bar Car an evening of performances and is at the New Botanical Garden in the 7 to 10 You can also stay up late at Night at the an evening of dancing and art at in Long Island Queens. 8 to midnight. Devils at 4 Watch New Times Close featuring The and other guests. at 10 and at 10 on The easily understood film In with continues at the Institute Alliance on the Upper East Side. Times vary. start at A celebration of the city planner H. sometimes referred to the best as the at the H. Green Memorial Bench in Central Park near East 105th Street. Noon. A reading and Activism with artists and at the Queens Museum at Flushing Park. 2 donations Tony sings selections from in and other songs at the Center for the Performing Arts at College in 3 start at A photo editor at Rolling Stone leads a discussion about photographing New underground music scene at the House on Island. 5 host Noon. Giants host 1 Nets host Trail Rangers host 7 For more see The New Arts Entertainment guide. Subway and PATH Check traffic map or radio report on the or the In effect until 24. Island New East River Ferry La Weekend travel Check subway disruptions and a list of street closings. Thanksgiving is fast approaching. To get you in the New Today wants to know how you would finish this sentence just a few This year I am thankful for Please tell us what you think in the comments or send us an email at including your full and the neighborhood where you live. We plan to publish a selection of comments next week.

As questions about Pharmaceuticals business practices have mounted over the past its relationship with the pharmacy Services has come under the most scrutiny. On the Justice Department said that the chief executive of and a former executive at were at the heart of this accusing the two men of secretly agreeing to promote the interests inside including persuading to buy an option to acquire The Justice Department charged both men with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy. The arrests are the first charges in multiple state and federal investigations into business practices. According to the filed in Federal District Court for the Southern District of New who pocketed about million after the purchase option agreement went used a series of shell companies to transfer a million kickback payment to Tanner. The government said that Tanner used an email account under the name to secretly communicate with Davenport. In one celebratory email to that Davenport wrote that he could picture the two of them on a and ride into the the two outlaws met a nasty Tanner was forced out of in 2015. Davenport remained at until the company shut down in Both men said through their lawyers that they intended to defend themselves. the United States attorney for the Southern District of New said at a news conference on that the investigation was continuing. He would not say whether his office was looking into accounting practices. In a noted that the company and its top executives had not been charged in the and said it was cooperating with the investigation. Federal prosecutors announced on that Chase and its Hong subsidiary would pay about million to settle bribery charges connected to its practice of hiring children of confirming an earlier report in The investigation revealed that as was competing with other big banks for business in some bankers concluded that they needed to bring on the children of known as lost a deal to DB today because they got daughter work for them this one investment banking executive told referring to Bank. Many of the job candidates were the authorities but hired them anyway. For The son of a powerful executive who had a degree was described as having a very poor and had both an and a The son of a official who did very in his interviews still secured a position in New only to be transferred again. A banker later said that the hire out an he inadvertently copied to an where he made some inappropriate sexual His peers said he was irresponsible and but he kept his job. Shareholders of and showed their support for Musk by approving the merger of the two companies on said more than 85 percent of its independent shareholders voted for the deal. Under the terms of the shareholders will receive 0.11 of a share for each share of that they own. At closing that offer is worth about a or just shy of where shares closed. Critics have argued that the deal would weigh down financially. Shares of have fallen about 14 percent since the company first disclosed its intentions. In trading on shares of were little changed. Shares of rose nearly 2 percent in trading. Several Federal Reserve officials are scheduled to speak C. president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New will talk about the consumer expectations L. president of the City and S. president of the will attend a conference in on oil and the and L. president of the will give the opening remarks at a symposium on community banking.

Sitting in the third row of a small Ms. wiped away tears of joy as her sister exchanged wedding vows with her new husband. A few feet Ms. partner stood maintaining their public charade of being just friends. Ms. who asked that her full name not be disclosed because she had yet to come out as gay said she would feel more comfortable holding her hand or embracing her in a society that did not view their way of life as out of the ordinary. we could realize marriage equality in people in our situation could lead fuller she said. That day could be coming although it is not assured. Bills that would legalize marriage are moving through legislative bringing the island closer to becoming the first place in with marriage equality. Some predict it could happen early next year. The political climate in has never been more favorable. President who took office in has spoken out in favor of marriage. Her Democratic Progressive which is largely sympathetic to gay holds the majority in the Legislative Yuan. Some cities are already extending symbolic recognition of relationships. In became the first city in to register couples. Shortly the followed suit. This issued its first to gay and the city government announced that it would soon do the same. The deputy director of the civil affairs said the cards would make it easier to contact partners in emergencies and for hospitals to include partners in medical decisions. In is an island of relative acceptance for lesbians and those of other sexual orientations. In some including homosexual acts are illegal. The governing Democratic Progressive the opposition Nationalist or and the smaller New Power Party have each proposed marriage bills. As of the bills were in the hands of a Legislative Yuan judiciary committee. has considered marriage equality before. a legislator from the Democratic Progressive submitted a marriage bill in 2005 that was blocked outright. In a bill reached the committee review stage but stalled. Ms. things are different. have a much better chance this time she said. If a bill comes to a vote in the Legislative it will need the support of at least 57 of the 113 lawmakers for passage. So Ms. the bills have collectively received backing from 56 legislators. All of the bills would legalize marriage and permit gay couples to said a legislator who submitted the Democratic Progressive proposal. The author of the also the Democratic Progressive Party highlighting the momentum that marriage equality has gathered in both major although some members of each party oppose it. Public support for legalizing unions is Ms. said. She noted the large turnout last month for the 14th Pride Parade in which attracted about 80,000 participants from and around Ms. said legalization had a good chance of passing in next legislative from through May. But if the proposal fails its chances in the sessions that follow ahead of the local elections in 2018 could be she as the issue remains controversial. is a golden Ms. said. the opposition is She noted that legislators who had initially signed on to the 2013 bill withdrew their support after being pressured by groups opposed to marriage. On thousands of people protesting dressed in occupied the street outside the judiciary committee proceedings in denouncing what they called a in which the bills were being considered. They chanted demands for the legislature to hold public hearings on the and some called for a plebiscite. Late the legislative caucuses of the Democratic Progressive Party and the agreed to each hold a hearing to air opinions on legalization before continuing deliberations. Among the opposition is the Alliance of Religious Groups for the Love of Families which was formed to block the 2013 and is now focusing its attention on presenting its views to legislators. use the term the secretary said in an interview. going to explain in detail the social and they can make their own a gay rights on the whole has become more than it was a decade when patrons of gay clubs were often harassed by the police. for marriage equality is especially strong among younger sex education in public schools and support from straight celebrities have helped increase she said. Among those celebrities is the pop singer who is from the aboriginal tribe. our we see love as wrote in an email. for love and the right to marry are as natural as breathing. And nobody should be able to deprive others of the right to Last received the Generation Award for her support for bisexual and rights at the inaugural organized by the International Queer Film Festival. goal is to spotlight people working to make those voices said the Jay He cited the United States as an example to noting that television there includes many characters of varying sexual orientations. really do see a lot more potential for media to have an said. the producers and film producers actually came up to me and what can we do to have more diversity on and in For said he was focused on out who the allies to ensure that marriage equality became a reality. we capitalize on this he know when the next opportunity will

In the wake of a scathing report from the state inspector campuses and organizations affiliated with the City University of New abruptly terminated their contracts with outside lobbyists this week. The move is the latest turn in the scandal involving unauthorized spending at the largest public urban university in the country. The released on by the state inspector cited poor management and oversight at that had created a system for It also singled out million spent on outside lobbyists since 2013 as being and seemingly because the university already employed governmental relations people on staff. The directive injects even more turmoil into the which had already been grappling with overcrowded shrinking course options and budget cuts. Last S. unexpectedly resigned as president of the City College of New a day after The New Times contacted officials with questions about her handling of more than of her personal and evidence that a memo related to those expenses had been fabricated. Ms. is one of several or affiliated with who are now being investigated by the office of L. the United States attorney for the Eastern District of New Ms. exit prompted C. the chairman of Board of Trustees and the former New City to ask the state inspector general to conduct a review of of the college alumni associations or other affiliated That review is still but an interim report was released on because Ms. said is imperative that significant steps are taken immediately to strengthen the fiscal integrity and oversight of this Immediate it On Gov. M. in an unusually long and personal statement announcing a package of ethics reform directed board to review the senior and the inspector findings within 30 days. a also promised to appoint inspectors general for both and the State University of New which has been reeling from scandal as well. By lobbyists were getting emails and phone calls from organizations telling them that their contracts would end right away. The state inspector report questioned whether the outside lobbyists deserved their suggesting that one firm hired by Hunter College in 2013 did no lobbying and the other did work only this to schedule meeting with deputy get status of meeting with deputy The firm doing work was the founded by a former deputy mayor of New But in an Ms. said that a lobbying report and assuming that it represents all the services a firm provides is very She do communications we do strategic we provide management and so much The who spoke on the condition of anonymity so they would not damage their relationships with or get pulled into the state and federal said they were stunned by the developments. Some called it an overreaction. one lobbyist said. discussion. No phone call. Another lobbyist said that while he accepted that had the prerogative to reassess its he was worried that affiliates or programs that had long hired government relations professionals might not be able to win as much funding on their own. hope be the lobbyist I just

J. Trump embarked on one of the rituals of the presidency on meeting in New with the prime minister of as he continued his fitful adjustment to the protocols of diplomacy. am convinced Trump is a leader in whom I can have great said after the meeting at Trump Tower. He described the encounter as The visit with came after 32 congratulatory phone calls from foreign leaders in the nine days since Trump won the election. None seem to have adhered to established diplomatic in which the State Department choreographs the sequence of the calls and provides policy guidance and translating services. On the State Department said it was finally in contact with emissaries. But until they had not requested any nor had the calls including with President V. of and other adversaries of the United States been routed through the State as is according to a department official. aides did not respond to questions about whether the had used his own interpreter in the meeting with and calls with other or whether he had relied on interpreters provided by them. order that the calls are done in seems like a silly protocol issue. But one that people really think said a senior fellow at the Center for a New Security and a former top aide to the national security E. Rice. are taking messages away from whether you think important or visit first with a foreign leader since the election came on a day when the was steeped in foreign policy. He met with former Secretary of State Henry A. to discuss and issues around the ranging from and China to and the according to the transition team. He met with ambassador to the United who told reporters afterward that has no doubt that Trump is a true friend of said he looked forward to working with of the members of the Trump including K. chief who has been accused of promoting through his news media News. He met S. the director of the National Security Agency and the top officer at the which gave him his first exposure to the surveillance abilities. And he met with Gen. Jack a former Army vice chief of staff who has been a longtime informal adviser to and a mentor to Gen. H. as well as a prime architect of the troop surge in the W. Bush administration. was for a couple of General said in a telephone interview. by how personable he and by his intellectual curiosity about national security events. Most presidential candidates have an knowledge of national security issues. But he asked excellent General declined to discuss the advice he had given Trump. But he said the new greatest challenge would be to maintain leadership in a world in which radical militancy was threatening to metastasize into a and hostile powers like China and were seeking regional dominance. During the Trump called into question the network of security alliances that the United States had maintained since World War saying the partners in and were not paying their fair share for the umbrella of protection. Few allies were as rattled by campaign statements as Japan. At one he suggested that Japan and South consider acquiring nuclear weapons to protect themselves. In the days leading to officials from the Foreign and Trade Ministries were urging to take a tough line with Trump on the value of the Partnership a huge trade deal that Trump opposes and the defense which Trump has said Japan must contribute more money according to J. a former official in the Bush administration with close ties to Japan. But appeared to reject that preferring to focus on cultivating a personal relationship with Trump. Some Japan experts speculated that was concerned about getting off on the right foot with Trump because when the leader traveled to New in for the United Nations General Assembly he met with who was then the favorite in the presidential but not Trump. prime minister has done very well with strongmen like and said referring to Prime Minister of and the president. question the side still cannot understand is what a Trump administration will actually do on Green added. Dispelling such confusion is one reason for the choreographed nature of the first calls made to leaders. In transition team had a plan for the On the morning of Election Ms. who later became ambassador to the United described the plan in an email to two of his other advisers. anticipation of the many calls from foreign we have prepared a list of priority calls to return and the briefing Ms. Rice wrote at view is that he should return the calls through the State Dpt. Ops which is comparatively apolitical and has translation capabilities and can assist as desired with The Ops Center serves as a giant switchboard for the providing interpreters as needed to ensure that officials are confident their words are being translated accurately. Using government switchboards can also help prevent hoaxes. During the 2008 two comedians pretending to be the pranked the Republican two days before the election. That call got through despite the fact that advisers to Senator John of the Republican presidential had a policy of never letting take a call from a purported foreign leader without first checking out the telephone number with the State according to a person familiar with that operations. In it has been Prime Minister of reached out to Trump early in the week after getting his phone number from a professional apparently becoming the second world leader to congratulate him after President of beat the prime minister. In the case of brief conversation with the prime it was conducted in though the said to

It was a warm morning in and on a farm just north of Bell 46 runners gathered at the starting preparing to run one of the yet most of races. Called the Big Backyard the race required contestants to run a course that spanned 4.167 over trails etched out of the every hour. If you finished faster than an you got five or 10 minutes to rest or eat or go to the bathroom before the next round. If it took you longer than an you were out. The race would keep hour after blessed until there was only one runner left. The reason the Big Backyard had chosen 4.167 miles for his course is that if you ran 24 loops in 24 have gone exactly 100 miles. the reason named it Big Backyard Ultra was Big was the name of his and the farm on which the race was run in his Virtually all the runners had experience. had won a in just the month with a time of 23 hours 16 minutes 31 seconds. had placed third in a race in last One man told me he would soon be running from to Another said he was using this race as preparation for a coming race. I had come to watch an whom World had once described as At the age of has been running long races adventure treks and since his late He is not a very fast nor a very stylish but he has a skill much more important for the kind of race he an unusual ability to fight through pain and fatigue. He told me recently that the moment he craves is the moment when every fiber of his being screams need that moment when I is how he put it. When he first started did it as a form of penance was feeling badly about myself and wanted to punish he said. as he realized he was good at running long and even more extreme events became a way to test his limits to some build his celebrity. Five years running took on another role in his It helped keep him sane. runs long distances not only because he loves it but because it is one thing he can do that nobody can take away from him. To put it another running has saved his life. The first time I ever spoke to he was calling me from a telephone in a prison in This was in the spring of three years after the financial crisis. In the wake of that millions of people lost their homes during the they had taken on mortgages they ultimately afford. who had gotten caught up in the housing was in prison for mortgage fraud. At the I was writing columns in the business section of The New a number of which focused on the unwillingness of the Justice Department to hold accountable the top executives of the companies that had led the country over the like of Countrywide. And yet here was this smallest of small who had lost two houses during the sentenced to 21 months in jail for supposedly committing bank fraud. The more I looked into the sketchier the whole situation seemed. It had begun after an Internal Revenue Service agent watched a produced by about an expedition had a grueling run across the The agent started wondering how had time to earn a living with all the time he spent running. He opened an investigation it included Dumpster dives outside apartment that found nothing wrong with his taxes. But an undercover female assigned to befriend got him to brag about taking a couple of while she secretly had a tape recorder rolling. Liar loan is the term for loans in which people overstate their incomes to qualify for mortgages they probably have. Millions of people took out liar loans during the housing just as did. Thousands of brokers encouraged them to do just as broker did. And as it turns the evidence against was so thin that the jury found him innocent of providing false information to the bank even as it was convicting him of bank fraud. Go figure. The point I made in the column is that something wrong with a system that sends to prison and lets go free. It often happen this but something good came out of my It helped get a book contract. Two months the titled was published. The first quarter of it tells the harrowing story of as a young addict who resist either booze or who drives away people who love and who has a number of close calls during cocaine buys. And after a he runs to purge his guilt. first marathon takes place the morning after a cocaine binge. When he finally starts taking sobriety after the birth of his first running marathons becomes his focus. In in mistakenly enrolls in a not seeing the he thinks it is a There comes a point in the race when realizes that he actually craves the pain told me to go he writes. the welcome the use the transcend the He somehow finishes the and his career as a runner is born. For the next constantly tries to find ever more difficult challenges. He runs in around the globe. He runs the race that many consider the toughest in the world. The first time he runs he comes in eighth. He follows that with two and two finishes. With heat that can go as high as 130 degrees and cold as low as 30 it is his favorite race. In with cameras in runs across the with two other runners. Two years participates in a second running across with a renowned in his own right. race results in a between the two He has sponsors. He makes motivational speeches. And he dabbles in real estate buying and selling a dozen homes before the bubble bursts. After of it all falls apart. There any other runners in explains in but there was a small gravel track. A little at a began running on it. Others began to join mostly men who were out of shape and for whom he became an exercise coach as well. It long before running became his prison therapy. He got the nickname Running Man from his fellow inmates. But he also needed a goal something not just to occupy him but to motivate him. So he decided to run 135 the same length as and to do it on the same day in that was being held on the West Coast. Of course he had to prepare at one point the prison was in and he get outdoors to do the he had planned that day. So he ran the equivalent of 15 miles in place in his cell. And although it took him two days because he had to go back to his cell at night he pulled it running 81 miles the first day and 54 the next. officials too happy about recalled a former prison inmate who befriended and confirmed account of prison life. tried to bust it up by saying he was violating the rules by not wearing a said. calmly walked over to where his put it and then continued running. He has a lot of declined to comment on account of his running pursuits in even remember descriptions of that run the way other inmates sidled up to him to quietly root him his dealing with prison rules during the the sheer satisfaction and even joy he took from running 540 laps on a rutty track in a West prison are the highlight of The book ends with getting out of falling in love with a woman named whom he and preparing to run what Big Backyard Ultra is hardly but not chopped either. What makes it so difficult is partly that it has no definite end it might go 20 or it might go 40. in races of 75 or 100 runners can afford to have a bad during which they will down food and and try to regather themselves. In this a bad stretch means out of the race because you finish the loop in the allotted hour. who has organized a handful of other long races besides this particularly enjoyed the psychological dimension to Big Backyard Ultra. it gets down to a handful of it becomes a mental he said as he stroked his long gray beard and puffed on a cigarette. want to show pain. If you show the others will try to put you and Hatcher had driven from an the day before the race. I met them in a hotel where explained how being in prison had affected his life. vote. I own a he said. when I tried to rent a car to come I was turned He sometimes gets spooked when someone knocks on the door. Although gives him he has lost his paying sponsors. He and Hatcher have sometimes been turned down when tried to rent a place. and he makes monthly payments to Bank of for the the court says he owes in restitution. By the time I arrived at a little before the 7 and Hatcher had set up a table filled with food Fig liquid chocolate almond and supplies and among other Tents were scattered around the lawn as the runners approached the starting line. They stood behind an timing clock and began running when rang a cowbell. I could actually hear cows in the background. There were some people here who knew what had happened to five years but most They knew him as a runner one they all respected. an older durable and mentally He race plays to his once had a reputation for in the documentary the he is shown berating his fellow runners when they want to quit the run. But people told he was the friendliest and most helpful of runners. Weeks had helped prepare a young runner named who was hoping to break the record for the fastest run across Even while was at Big Backyard crew checked in daily to update him and ask advice. times during the first handful of loops were between 52 and 55 minutes. He wore earphones and listened to the novel as he ran. He was never but never last either. Between he would down some gulp some say a few words to other runners and take encouragement from his who was serving as his crew. By the ninth the field was down to 18 Hatcher speculated that the unseasonably warm day was taking a toll on the including thrill is he said to as he tried to replenish the calories he was losing. Then he went to the starting line for the 10th loop. By 7 the next morning by which time 100 miles had been run there were only four runners including and The younger two were running sometimes finishing laps in less than 50 minutes and looking as though they could go on forever. was hurting and seeing how easily they were running helping matters. got my he said with a wry smile. He been struggling for a while. I keep hoping something is going to On the 27th came in at 48 and who himself was starting to struggle followed at 52. was nowhere to be seen. Hatcher saw him in the woods with a minute and a half to go. He crossed the finish line 30 seconds before the 28th lap was to start. He turned to and not sure but I think he got Hatcher said. He had run 112.5 miles in 27 hours. won the race when dropped out one lap After he and Hatcher had returned to he sent me an email. was not a great race for he wrote. felt lethargic from the start. I know why. There is no real way to pinpoint exactly why I feel better or worse during any given event. part of the to keep going even when not performing at my One thing I had pressed him on was why he enjoyed a sport that seemed so far beyond what most humans would be willing to endure. had a hard time explaining beyond the idea that he liked to push through pain. in the he tried again. run solely to he wrote. run to explore other places and also to explore myself. Running is a mechanism that lets me focus on one task forward movement. like removing all the clutter in the closet in order to see the actual closet space. Running organizes there and helps me get rid of things I

In the days since an election that will substantially reduce the likelihood of your going to Midtown more than three times over the next four the pervasive mood in New has been and despairing. The city has perhaps as the capital of discontentment we know that you are the frontier of enmity to the potential hardships and catastrophes J. impending presidency might produce. In defeated Trump nearly nine to one. Thousands feel distraught. Many have marched or plan to many more are searching for something constructive to do and weighing the value of symbolic gestures. Some mothers in said they were thinking about a transcontinental palms clutched from Cobble Hill to but actions like these are as likely to invite accusations of liberal as they are to change minds about the deportation of undocumented immigrants. This past posted a video of a call she made to the House D. on relaying her concern over the appointment of the former News head K. as a chief strategist in the Trump administration. imagine a listening to the message and maybe if I get to meet Just days the who had campaigned around the country for a wrote a post expressing her dismay over the fact that so many white women had voted for the Republican describing them with no apparent fear of invoking a tone of alienating condescension as to look past their own violent and with hate for In the age of it is not necessarily a simple thing to tell the earnest from the particularly when history has just made it clear that celebrity is the path to world domination. Within the professional political Mayor Bill and Gov. M. both now seem to be elevating their longstanding rivalry to one for the role of progressive opponent in chief. In the days immediately following the the mayor and and tried to comfort. On met with the at Trump Tower and then held a news conference in which he proceeded to recount the concerns he had raised about a rolling back of Wall Street tax cuts for the rising fears among the prospect of increased conflict between the police and the people they serve without divulging anything of responses. A spate of television appearances as well as the announcement of a speech planned for next week at Cooper Union. Asked about the potential effects of presence on Fifth near major businesses like and offered that those stores his concerns in as if the tax and tourist revenue they generated for the city were in the face of the good sound bite he could produce by deriding luxury brands. Later in the the mayor sent out a Twitter storm repeating everything he had already said. using his campaign he sent out an email and it asking New Yorkers to share their thoughts and feelings with him about the coming four years of a Trump as though the answers obvious. The day after the Governor called into a program on to say that he had had a good conversation with Trump and that his service in the White House could be a for New two boys from Queens could find a way to bridge some particularly when so many actual bridges in New required federal money for repairs. A few days with perhaps a more accurate sense of the way voters in New were processing the the governor initiated a statewide emergency system to handle reports of bias crime following victory. He took to his page to declare that there is place for there is no place for and to remind everyone that he had been behind New minimum wage effort. It is hard to imagine the outcome of this election as anything other than a net political positive for both the governor and the in the same way that the dullest colleagues can suddenly seem a lot better once you realize that all you have is one and a new boss who seems unhinged. had been facing a campaign for next year in a climate in which white particularly in the brownstone precincts that first elected were disaffected by his performance. Despite the fact that enthusiasm for him remains his recent approval measured since the are better than last 47 percent of voters say they approve of the job he is up from 42 percent in August. At least for it is hard to imagine anyone coming in and robbing him of a second term. But if we have learned anything this it is never to count on a given.

In his strongest public comments since the President on sharply criticized the spread of fake news and said that J. Trump would not remain in office for long if he failed to take the job seriously. made his remarks at a news conference in beside the one of his closest allies on the calling the pair of the international political stage. Ms. was unusually sentimental. is hard to say she said. But instead of basking in the glow of his valedictory tour of used the moment to make a passionate and pointed attack on bogus news stories disseminated on and other social media twice calling such false reports a threat to democracy in his news conference. also warned Trump of the need to take the job of the presidency seriously and to be tough on extraordinary demands that are placed on the United States not just by its own but by people around the world that forces you to said of ascent to the presidency. demands if not serious about the then you probably be there very added. But it was on the subject of false information coursing through social media and television that was most so much so that at one stage he lost track of the question he was answering. in an age where so much active misinformation and its packaged very well and it looks the same when you see it on a page or you turn on your said. everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to got all caught up in that he said. Mark the chief executive of recently said fake news on the social network was and dismissed notions that such reports might have swayed the election as But executives and employees at have been questioning or the social network helped influence the opinions and votes of according to interviews with current and former employees. Bogus news stories appearing and on social media appear to have had a greater reach in the final months of the campaign than articles by mainstream news according to an analysis of activity by In the three months before Election the most popular stories produced by hoax sites and generated more engagement shares and comments on than the most popular articles by major news the analysis found. Among the 20 most popular fake election stories identified by all but three favored Trump or denigrated and which has also faced mounting criticism over distribution of fake stories on its said this week that they would take aim at the fake news sources of revenue. In pointed a second time to the potential dangers of false news reports. the United if 43 percent of eligible voters do not then democracy is he said in response to a question about the recent election. we are not serious about facts and true and and particularly in an age of social media when so many people are getting their information in sound bites and off their if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have Ms. offered her own warnings about the disruptions associated with likening the present period to the social disruptions that occurred during the Industrial Revolution. have shown deep ambivalence toward social worried that global companies fail to respect the strict laws protecting personal privacy. has also come under scrutiny from the government for allowing the spread of hate speech in postings that would be illegal in traditional media. The chancellor thanked for putting privacy on the a nod to the strain in relations between the two after it emerged in 2013 that the National Security Agency had been monitoring Ms. prompting outrage among urged Trump to cooperate with President V. of when the but said he hoped the also is willing to stand up to where they are deviating from our values and international I expect that the will follow exactly our blueprint or our but my hope is that he does not simply take a realpolitik said. will be something learn more about as the puts his team he added. Trump has repeatedly complimented and has sought to improve ties with The United States has accused of hacking emails of Democratic Party officials in order to influence the and warmly welcomed victory. said he spoke to Trump last week about ensuring that his actions help to unify and not divide the country. what I said to him was what may work in generating enthusiasm or passion during elections may be different than what will work in terms of unifying the country and gaining the trust even of those who support said. indicated his understanding of has to reflect itself not only in the things he says but also in how he fills out his apparently referring to appointment of K. as a senior adviser. has been criticized for his association with nationalistic and views. hope is that something he is thinking added. not only is the president of the United States somebody that the entire country looks to for but sets the agenda internationally in a lot of said Trump had reassured him that he would remain committed to the alliance once in and that he was encouraged by that. have been unsettled by many of campaign above all his questioning of commitment to West relied on the alliance to protect it from the Soviets throughout the Cold War and many Eastern countries now see it as their guarantee against a resurgent Yet the including have failed consistently over the years to uphold their financial commitment to supporting the long a sore point with has fallen short of its contributions over the past several and in 2015 made good on only about half its despite record tax income for the government. Ms. vowed that this would change in the crediting with delivering the message that needed to increase military spending. the long the imbalance over defense spending cannot be and has understood this message and already begun to Ms. said. added that should appreciate what the United States had done for the country since World War II. I can say to the people that the United States has been good for he said. looked out for Has provided security for Has helped rebuild And unify also said that if he were he would probably vote for Ms. who may run next year for a fourth term. know whether that hurts or he said with a smile. arrived in on and the two leaders had a private dinner. spent much of morning waiting at his hotel for Ms. schedule to clear. The two dined again evening and will meet morning along with the leaders of and leaves for an summit in early afternoon.

A teacher is no longer employed after a cellphone video showed her berating minority students with language that included a racial the school district said on The who was not named in the statement from the City Public was recorded on disciplining a student in her science class at Park School. After she ejected the student from the she turned to the other students who raised her voice and said she was going to give them all zeros for not doing their work. The who is then called the students and asked them if they wanted to get an education or to be a ass who is gonna get using a common racial slur. On the school authorities said in the statement that the teacher had in verbally abusive behavior and made racially charged comments directed at students. The teacher involved in the incident is no longer employed by city An email seeking including the name of the teacher and what she had told the authorities about the was not answered immediately on by the city schools. The Teachers Union said in a statement that it the language used by the A spokesman for the Ray declined by telephone to answer further including whether the teacher had a lawyer or whether she had been fired. But the chief executive officer of the school said in a telephone interview on afternoon that the woman was an science teacher in her second year. She said she could not provide further details because it was a personnel matter. Ms. said that although many teachers struggled with classroom the teacher the by using the racial epithet. The recording was posted on Twitter by a reporter for The Daily who said it had been sent to him by a reader. The newspaper reported on that the cellphone video was posted on on by a woman named By it had been viewed more than 1.5 million times. Ms. told The Daily News that one of her classmates had recorded the video. She said the teacher had taught her son for two or three years and that she had met with her a very nice Ms. was quoted as saying. say what happened that day. I think she was at a breaking Ms. could not immediately be reached by telephone on

Vying for lucrative deals in Chase deployed all the usual tactics that big banks use to woo clients. federal authorities now also had ways of sweetening the deal that crossed a legal line. Federal prosecutors and regulators announced on a settlement of roughly million with the bank and its Hong accusing them of a vast foreign bribery scheme that may have spread to a number of Wall Street banks. The case centered on hiring practices in where it hired the children of leaders to win business in the nation. Some of the candidates were the authorities and often ancillary telltale signs of hidden bribery. The case could lay the groundwork for the authorities to pursue penalties against other big banks as well. Banks including and Bank have hinted that they face investigations into their hiring practices in China as part of a larger sweep by the agency that began in 2013. do not expect this to be the last action resulting from that J. the head of enforcement at the Securities and Exchange told reporters on It is unclear what will happen to the investigation under the J. Trump. and other officials who led the investigation are expected to leave the government in the coming weeks. In the investigation of it was not immediately apparent whether the bank would be accused of carrying out a quid pro quo an issue at the heart of whether violated United States law governing foreign bribery. The bank argued that the hiring of employees was routine in and that its own hires fell into a gray area of foreign bribery laws. But the prosecutors and regulators say that as hired more and more candidates based on referrals from senior bankers in several instances explicitly tied those jobs or internships to securing deals with companies. To be a referred candidate had to in the own a attributable linkage to business a scheme that enabled the company to win or retain business resulting in more than million in revenue for the bank or its prosecutors and regulators said. common refrain that this is simply how business is done overseas is no said L. the United States attorney in whose office helped lead the criminal investigation into the bank. is no longer business as it is the authorities acknowledged that cooperated extensively with the investigation and they lowered the penalty accordingly. The the authorities also disciplined nearly two dozen employees and significant employment that led to the departure of six employees who participated in the misconduct. pleased that our cooperation was a said in a statement. conduct was stopped the hiring program in 2013 and took action against the individuals added. have also made improvements to our hiring procedures and reinforced the high standards of conduct expected of our When the China hiring investigation first came to light in a article in The New Times three years it topped a growing list of regulatory problems at the bank. In addition to the billion whale trading the bank reached a billion settlement with the Justice Department over its sale of mortgage securities in the to the 2008 financial crisis. The settlement in the China hiring case puts to rest one of last big regulatory headaches. For all the scrutiny of big no top bankers have gone to jail since the financial crisis an absence that has drawn much criticism and public debate. Even J. Trump joined the chorus of critics this year during his saying bankers should go to jail if they had done something The foreign bribery case against will not alleviate those concerns. The United States office in and the Justice criminal division in imposed a million penalty on the bank but did not charge any of the bankers who doled out the though the investigation is ongoing. The bank itself also secured a moral victory by avoiding criminal and instead negotiated a rare agreement. The will assess the largest about million of the overall million while the Fed will impose a roughly million penalty. competed with other big global banks to secure lucrative assignments in China as companies were selecting banks to help them go public. And at one some bankers concluded that they needed to escalate their hiring to better compete with their rivals. lost a deal to DB today because they got daughter work for them this one investment banking executive remarked to using the initials for Bank. Another managing director in wrote that bank needed to ramp up its client referral adding that people thought the other banks doing a much better It was later decided that referrals by decision makers clients who had the ability to influence a deal would receive priority. hiring known within the bank as the Sons and Daughters began a decade ago. the program sought to prevent violations of the Foreign Corrupt Practices the law that underpins the case against and essentially bans United States companies from giving of to a foreign official to win improper in retaining business. But as the bank faced increased and it expanded the program in senior bankers the federal authorities say. They explicitly tied those jobs or internships to securing deals with the prosecutors and regulators using them as tool to influence senior Sons and Daughters program was nothing more than bribery by another R. the head of the Justice criminal said in a statement. Over a hired about 200 interns and employees at the request of potential clients and foreign government authorities say. Around half of these candidates were referred by government officials at companies and government agencies. executives in then used their connections with these government agencies to help the company and clients navigate tangled regulatory landscapes. In late a employee in Hong created a spreadsheet that tracked hires to specific clients. The spreadsheet included a column for the amount of revenue attributable to the hire. Many of the job candidates were the authorities but hired them anyway. There was the hire whose productivity was described as and the son of a powerful executive who had a degree but a very poor and had both an and a Then there was the son of a official who did very in his interviews but still secured a position in New only to be transferred again. A banker later reported that the hire out an he inadvertently copied to an where he made some inappropriate sexual his peers described him as irresponsible and but he kept his job. The internal cost of the Sons and Daughters program would later be chalked up to marketing prosecutors and regulators said. When executives in New executives in would step in. On at least one the unit created a position in New and diverted some of its budget to pay the candidates. the head of the foreign bribery noted that the controls were so weak that not a single referral hire request was The internal emails also show reluctance to hire candidates unless doing so would definitely lead to win business. In one bankers discussed the possibility of honoring a hiring request from a senior executive of a private manufacturing company that was preparing an initial public offering of stock. When the offering was postponed and one of the bankers inquired whether it was worth hiring the a executive in Hong am supportive of bringing her on board given at while do you get the best quid pro quo from the relationship upon confirmation of the A banker client has communicated clearly the quid pro quo on this The company ultimately chose to work on the offering.

A secret relationship had made the two men the head of a the an executive at a major pharmaceutical company who had promised to funnel millions of dollars to his partner in exchange for receiving millions of his own. They celebrated over email like characters in a classic western movie with one saying that they would soon into the together. Those were the details laid out in a complaint announced on by federal which brought that cinematic tale to an inglorious end. The prosecutors charged the two executives the chief executive of the pharmacy and an executive at Pharmaceuticals International with multiple counts of fraud and conspiracy for what prosecutors described as a scheme to enrich themselves. The arrests represent the first charges in multiple state and federal investigations into business including inquiries by Congress and the Securities and Exchange Commission. As the questions have mounted over the last shares of a major drug maker that was once a Wall Street have fallen putting the future in doubt. In a noted that the company and its top executives had not been charged in the and said it was cooperating with the investigation. A lawyer for Davenport said his client intended to defend and a lawyer for Tanner said his innocence would be demonstrated at trial. Of all the questions surrounding the its relationship to the small pharmacy drew perhaps the most scrutiny. In revealed that it had bought an option to acquire in 2014 but had never disclosed that detail to investors. Several media outlets reported on a host of tactics was said to have used to steer its products through and increase including altering prescriptions to specify that and not a cheaper be dispensed. It cut ties to that same month. According to the filed in Federal District Court for the Southern District of New Tanner and Davenport were at the heart of this relationship. The government said the two concealed from a secret pact they had made to promote the interests inside including persuading to buy an option to acquire The government contends Tanner used a secret email under the name to communicate with Davenport. Prosecutors said Tanner and Davenport initiated their plan while Tanner was in charge of what was known at as or the practice of using pharmacies to increase prescriptions for its drugs that otherwise might have been filled by cheaper generic alternatives. As the scheme prosecutors Tanner resisted efforts by senior leadership to seek out relationships with and his efforts were critical in leading into the agreement in 2014. profited handsomely from the relationship prosecutors said it grew to an enterprise with 450 employees and tens of millions of dollars in revenue at the end of 2014 from a tiny in 2013. Until was shut down in at least 90 percent of the drugs it dispensed were sold by the federal complaint said. Tanner also benefited from the the authorities said. According to the Davenport used a series of shell companies including one called End Game to secretly transfer a kickback payment to Tanner after the agreement went through. According to about million from the deal between and went to they sent about million of that to Tanner. The complaint said that officials questioned Tanner several times about whether he had any financial relationship with and that he said he did not. M. a lawyer for said his client had simply been doing his job. was job at to grow and promote he said in a statement. performed that job exceptionally greatly benefiting and regularly communicated to his superiors what he was said Davenport had worked full and also benefited which is why and its highly sophisticated and active management team sought to buy Tanner was forced out of in 2015. Davenport remained at until the company shut down. Regardless of whether top executives were aware of the arrangement between Tanner and benefited significantly from its ties to the allowing it to increase sales of ailing products and obscure more significant problems with the said a senior analyst with Gimme a bond research firm. She noted that paid million to enter into the purchase then quickly paid it million according to the complaint. is how much valued this right off the Ms. said. When disclosed its relationship to last it said that the pharmacy had accounted for about 7 percent of its sales in the third quarter of or about million. Beyond the relationship between Davenport and has said in public filings that the government investigations into could include looking into whether it improperly used its ties to the pharmacy to bill third such as insurers. the United States attorney for the Southern District of New said at a news conference on that the investigation was but he declined to discuss specifics. He would not say whether his office was looking into accounting practices. A spokesman for said the office did not have any agreements with cooperating witnesses to make public at this time. His office has tended to make cooperation agreements public when an investigation is largely complete. The criminal complaint also refers to interviews with several unnamed former but does not identify any of them as cooperating witnesses. The series of negative developments over the last year have pummeled stock pushing it down to its current a share from nearly a share last Its chief J. stepped down in the and the problems also led to a of the board. The precipitous decline has punished a number of big hedge funds that hold large positions in firms like Square Capital Company and Capital Management. No hedge fund may have been hurt more than the billion firm led by the investor A. began buying shares in early when the stock was trading around and he has remained a true believer. This well after concerns about business dealings with became he continued to argue the company had value and secured two board seats for his holding one of them himself. Just last told his investors that he foresaw a comeback strategy for as it moved to sell off business divisions to reduce its debt obligation. He has even suggested that the company may rename itself in an effort to rebuild its reputation. Yet he has conceded that he and his firm could have done better due diligence on aggressive practices another business strategy that has prompted controversy and protests from federal legislators. in an email statement on declined to comment on the criminal charges beyond the statement.

An automated army of J. Trump overwhelmed similar programs supporting five to one in the days leading up to the presidential according to a report published by researchers at Oxford University. The basic software programs with a bit of artificial intelligence and rudimentary communication skills would send messages on Twitter based on a usually defined on the social network by a word preceded by a like Their to confuse people on or simply muddy said N. a sociologist at the Oxford Institute and one of the authors of the report. If you were looking for a real debate of the you going to find it with a yelling said. a lot of what they pass around is false The role fake news played in the presidential election has become a sore point for the technology particularly Twitter and On said it would ban websites that peddle fake news from using its advertising service. also updated the language in its Audience Network which already says it will not display ads in sites that show misleading or illegal to include fake news sites. In some the bots would post embarrassing make references to the Federal Bureau of Investigation inquiry into private email or produce false for that was about to go to jail or was already in jail. use of automated accounts was deliberate and strategic throughout the the researchers wrote in the published by the Project on Computational Propaganda and Digital Politics at Oxford. Because the were almost entirely anonymous and were frequently bought in secret from companies or individual it was not possible to directly link the activity to either except for a handful of bots created by they noted. there was evidence that the mystery were part of an organized effort. does seem to be strategy behind the said. the third Trump bots were launching into their activity early and we noticed that automated accounts were actually colonizing A is used to indicate a Twitter topic. By adopting relating to the opposition bots were most likely able to wiggle their way into an conversation among supporters. After the the bot traffic declined with the exception of some programs that won and you said. Trump campaign officials did not respond to requests for comment. Twitter executives argued that more people would not follow the programs and so they would be picked up only by those who looked for particular who claims that automated accounts that tweeted about the election had an effect on opinions or influenced the national Twitter conversation clearly underestimates voters and fails to understand how Twitter said Nick a Twitter spokesman. The researchers based their study on a collection of about 19.4 million Twitter posts gathered in the first nine days of They selected tweets based on identifying certain subjects and identified automated posting by finding accounts that post at least 50 times a day. the top 20 which were mostly bots and highly automated averaged over 1,300 tweets a day and they generated more than 234,000 the researchers noted. top 100 which still used high levels of generated around 450,000 tweets at an average rate of 500 tweets per The Oxford researchers had previously reported that political had played a role in shaping the political landscape that led to vote. The researchers have coined the term to describe the explosion of deceptive social media campaigns on services like and Twitter. In a previous research and a researcher at University of described how political had a but strategic in shaping the conversation during the to the referendum. The bot managers seem to the programs as well. During the they discovered that a family of bots that had been tweeting around issues for three or four years had suddenly become After the the bots returned to their original issue. In the case of the the researchers noted that automated accounts the accounts that tweeted 450 or more times with a related and user mention during the data collection period generated close to 18 percent of all Twitter traffic about the presidential They also noted that bots tend to circulate negative news much more effectively than positive reports. One of the consequences of the intense social media campaigns will be a rise in what social scientists call supporters will cut the Trump supporters out of their and Trump supporters will do the said. polarization of the election is going to make this stuff worse as we our news

The student leader spoke in to the chanting crowd at the elite University of The told his peers that he was frustrated over the university lack of clarity about whether tuition would rise as much as 40 percent in response to flailing economy and floating currency. said that he was so frustrated that he thought about blocking the campus gate with his a Golf. should be an economic he declared. For hundreds of students have been marching through the demanding a cap on their tuition. The demonstrations are the largest and at the institution in reflecting how economic woes have touched nearly everybody in this stratified society of 91 million people. While the poor have scrambled to find food staples and to absorb price increases of even a and wealthy are more and shopping putting their savings into stable assets like real bank bonds and and even waiting to have children. the economic crisis hits the it means the suffering is all over the said the vice president of the student union. we afford we can tell how much other people are Some may sneer at the problems of the children of and worried about tuition increases that dwarf the salaries of the vast legions of impoverished. But generations of graduates of the University have helped lead business and nonprofit so any problem on the campus can spiral outward with magnified effect. are the one prominent television said in a recent as if expecting a collective eye roll among his audience. but you want to have some educated people in this The University protests began a week after the university administration staged a forum to discuss the repercussions of the central decision to decrease the value of the pound against the in an effort to thwart currency traders and shore up the economy. The pound is now trading at about 15 per up from 8.8 on when the pound was floated. The decision was part of a government effort to win a billion loan from the International Monetary which came through last But for students whose tuition is tied to the United States the currency flotation threatened to translate to an instant increase in to about 187,000 pounds a year for the cheapest from about 133,000 pounds. The 6,559 students are the apex of an elite group of 111,600 students enrolled at private where the curriculum is often taught in and fees reach thousands of dollars each semester. The vast majority of the 1.8 million university students attend ramshackle public often looking at the elite campuses with envy and disdain. Though the fees have long been out of reach for most of its students receive scholarships based on financial according to the and some families sell off assets to pay for the education. who is 20 and studying said that her a sold two apartments that was meant to inherit to cover her tuition. money is good for another two if the tuition stays the Ms. said. tuition might reach a quarter of a million pounds. dead The effects of the foundering economy on the middle class may pale compared with the suffering of poor people now unable to afford basic but that does not mean they are not felt. At a mall that was all but abandoned one recent clothing prices at were going up so fast that the tags were obsolete and a cashier was informing customers of the new prices instead. Outside another nearly empty one said that she and her husband were putting off having children because of the unstable economy. Many workers said they had been since gas prices rose to the equivalent of 21 cents a liter this up from 16 cents. Many others have lost jobs because their employers can no longer afford to import raw or because sales have contracted. and his pregnant Ala worked at an pharmaceutical research and development company. They said they were out for sushi one night last month when they saw emails on their announcing a meeting the next day to discuss their future. they they turned up at the office to find themselves and 20 colleagues locked out fired. are just sitting at home depressed said. looking for jobs Other have tried to stave off losing their savings by purchasing bonds and gold Sales of gold are up 30 to 40 percent this according to who represents gold sellers in the Union of Chambers of Commerce. But many it woke up the day after the currency was floated and found their savings had been halved. live at a certain and hard to go said a widow who had cut back on food and dialed down her electricity trying to keep her daughter in a private school whose tuition is 1,700 pounds a month. Timothy a nonresident fellow at the Institute for Middle East said that wealthy spent a significant amount on and that most private schools based tuition on the value of the because they had many foreigners as faculty members. tuition which already went up 6 percent for this academic year is particularly vulnerable to currency fluctuations. One half of the tuition is set in the other half in United States but students generally pay the total in according to the official rate set at the central bank on the day they are paying. After the student protests the university administration agreed to keep this fees based on the 8.8 pound per dollar regardless of when they are paid. Now students are worried about next semester. will not be a quick fix or an instant the university J. said in a statement. are looking at ways now to ensure that no student is forced to leave due to inability to pay too late for a mechanical engineering who spoke on the condition that his family name not be used because he was ashamed of his situation. said that he relied on a scholarship to cover 30 percent of his which he expected to jump to 230,000 pounds a year from about 170,000. His the principal of an upscale private would not be able to afford it. I am looking for another said. dreams have been thrown

The government of has a credit rating of and a budget of over billion. You would think it could meet its payroll. But for most of this getting paid has been an exercise in frustration for more than 80,000 public servants not for lack of but because of a new payroll system that has repeatedly gone haywire. One of the 80,000 is Bill a leading seaman in the coast a civilian agency. His overtime and supplementary pay for duty as an rescue worker stopped coming in and then in when he was out in the North aboard the patrol ship J. he discovered that he was no longer being paid at all. He tried to address the problem but the satellite link available to him on the ship was so slow that downloading an email attachment could take a whole day. He tried to deal with it by but the government employee kept putting him on perpetual hold. He finally had to tell his wife back in Newfoundland to put off buying clothes and supplies for their three children. makes you feel pretty being 300 or 400 miles offshore when I have poor and my wife is at home said. was an awful lot of worry and Unwelcome payday surprises like have troubled the public service since when the government switched to the new payroll known as and laid off about 2,700 payroll clerks who were no longer supposed to be needed. The government manages a payroll of 20 billion dollars a about billion. Government leaders have promised that which covers about 300,000 civilian government will be soon. But workers and their unions are and the government has put off extending Phoenix to cover the military and the Royal Mounted a change that was supposed to happen on 1. Every imaginable kind of pay problem appears to have cropped affecting every kind of even some political aides to cabinet ministers. Some workers have been underpaid and others overpaid. Miscalculated deductions have left some workers with pay deposits that were not much more than pocket change. And like were simply dropped from the payroll in error. Managers in some government departments found themselves lending their own money to subordinates to cover basic needs like groceries. Merchants in small cities where the government is a major employer have seen sales slump. When a temporary system was set up to give emergency pay to affected Phoenix sometimes immediately took back what the system gave. A number of people with skills in high like have quit the government to work for employers with functioning payroll systems. Many of the employees who were hired to operate the Phoenix system became so stressed by the flood of complaints that they took sick leaving their office in New even harder pressed to cope. single we get calls from our said the national executive vice president of the Public Service Alliance of a labor union. got the government of not able to pay its employees on it is a national acknowledged that the previous payroll a patchwork of needed replacing. In Prime Minister a hired to create a replacement based on a software system made by Oracle that is widely used by corporations and institutions to manage finances and employees. What went wrong after that is a matter of but probably involved a combination of poor planning and some wishful thinking. M. who inherited Phoenix when she was named minister of public services and procurement by Prime Minister last has asked the auditor general for a Everyone agrees that the job was not easy. Though many government employees work in office the public payroll also includes a wide array of people like with complicated work schedules and pay rules. The government estimates that its 27 collective agreements with 15 as well as its own have led to more than 80,000 rules governing wages and salaries. the president of another the Professional Institute of the Public Service of is also a computer systems analyst who had experience before going to work for the government. She faults the government for turning to an outside to create the new payroll rather than relying on its own software developers. Once that choice was she the Harper government put so much emphasis on saving money that it undermined efforts to ensure that the system would function well. they say is adhering to the terms of the Ms. said. government just scope out the contract At a parliamentary committee hearing in Ms. said the Conservatives had skimped on training for the 500 workers hired to run actually buying into what had advocated as the amount of training that really needed to take While the Conservatives have avoided answering direct questions about their role in the they have repeatedly accused the Liberal government of bungling what they started. the previous government is like taking home a nice steak from the butcher and then burning it and blaming the the member of Parliament who is the Conservative spokesman on the said at the hearing. The potential for trouble was apparent early on. In May when the Conservatives still held recommended pushing back the planned of Phoenix at the end of that year. It was postponed until but the government went ahead with layoffs of the payroll clerks making it impossible to keep the old system operating as a backup in case of teething trouble with Phoenix. problems are far from being and new issues keep appearing. But the government has managed to reduce the number of employees who have pay problems to about in part by rehiring some of the payroll clerks to help out. After a fitful an emergency pay system appears to have ended the need for managers to dip into their own bank accounts to help employees. But instead of saving the government 70 million dollars this as Phoenix has cost the government an extra million million in United States including million in additional fees paid to to fix it. In a said that it to work in close partnership with the to make Phoenix work properly and that remaining issues are primarily nontechnical the system is operating as and the vast majority of the issues are and Phoenix continues to baffle some of those it was supposed to pay. is an example. He worked at government nursing stations in remote indigenous reserves in northern until when he quit to take a hospital job in his native Newfoundland. At the time he he was owed about 4,000 dollars in back pay because of Phoenix problems. In it appeared that the government would finally pay up. But it deposited just a fraction of what it owed into his bank 306 dollars. the government went back into his bank account and withdrew 346 claiming that he had been overpaid. Since then he has been unable to get any answers from the call center. But even though its call center is not the Phoenix system forgotten still getting a biweekly pay he said.

The star of a recent meeting of the Watch Club was the Oyster Perpetual in steel. About 30 other watches lay on a table to be enjoyed and envied by the nine members meeting at the that night. after the had been one of the hottest watches of the year since its debut at It was a watch no one seemed to be able to get. Yet there it a new acquisition by and his father own a diamond trading firm in that supplies the Swiss watch and jewelry industries. His connection with a local dealer had secured the which retails in for 11,400 or Not every member of the club was so lucky. called in New to try to get but the waiting list was way too long to even said Tom an dealer in vintage watches who lives outside an entrepreneur who works with right now in and just had to strap on the watch. He had brought to the meeting a previous iteration of the the 6263 famous from the he said as well as an Royal Oak Offshore. everyone pulled out phones and began taking something you might expect when a bunch of predominantly gather. who works in sales and marketing for his antiques company and studies watchmaking at night at just had to photograph the new Nick an information technology auditor for and the communications and marketing took a photo of both strapped to wrist. did the and the two members compared pictures to see which was crisper. Other members looked offering opinions. And everyone had an for the members gathered at the Crystal Lounge were all passionate about one watches. started this group because I knew no one in with an interest in said Van an event organizer and the president. would have to go to twice a year to meet other watch He went on the watch sent out some emails and got responses from three people. That was in late the club has 17 members who meet sometimes for dinner and sometimes just for drinks at various spots around the city. Open houses are held twice a year where as many as 50 prospective members are invited to attend. are a private you get asked to Van said. got these watches on the you want to know who you Friendliness is considered a key and one potential member was ruled out because he talked about was the monetary value. not a passion for Van said. Most of the members have from four to 10 watches although some have quite a few more. Occasionally members travel They rent a house to attend drawing 10 members this they went to a watch event in Van they were greeted with from the Watch not as if theirs is the only of course. are plenty of other watch clubs or listing Oyster Passion Club in and the Watch Club among his examples. he are a lot of people who randomly meet up but do not belong to a Each of the club members has his own passion. brought only Omegas referring to the Constellation Dynamic and Chronograph spread out before him. only buy vintage. completely affordable. And some of them have the same as more expensive models he noted. Robin Van who also is studying watchmaking in always bring a On this particular night he had brought a Explorer as well as a are quite famous for their noted who works in real estate in Van is brought one in gold. a student at is another fan of Omega and brought a that he noted was the same model as the one astronauts wore on moon missions. found it on the and I just had to have he said. never sell even to asked and the men chuckled. also brought two Submariners he noted and the by van a Dutch brand specializing in astronomic he explained. like that it is also brought an unusual brand in addition to a and a Master a 1630 Air Force. like the history of that it was on flying a plane over he said. the watch leaned over to take an admiring look. taste goes to old vintage he turning the Air Force model in his hand. Talk turned to the state of the watch industry. business in China asked whose operation is based in Hong are still a lot of mainland replied. In the he is wearing a gold with lots of diamonds. But the dealers sell them to you. They only sell them to their clients. They say for Everyone laughed knowingly. recounted how the same thing had happened to him in at the sell to you. They want you to go to your can learn a lot in this said. members are so knowledgeable and have incredible experience. They know what to look and they share their As the evening continued over pints of the photos ended up on various social media with posting directly to the page. our various got 100,000 pointed out. That following has attracted the attention of watch which regularly invite club members to private dinners and other events. all had a chance to sit down with Max referring to the gregarious founder of the Swiss brand Some companies even are offering to sponsor which is being although some members worry that commercialization might lead to a loss of control. it can be expensive to run the especially the open Van said. other watch clubs can do it and maintain their so can countered. As the evening wore on the talk turned to other like sports and jobs and the things any group of good friends would talk about over beers. By 10 the watches were cleared off the jackets were back and pats on the back shared as each his thousands of worth of watches back in cases and tucked under slipped out the imposing hotel doors onto Avenue la and headed into the dark night.

held back tears on as she asked her supporters not to lose heart after a crushing election loss and to continue working for a better country. will admit coming here tonight the easiest thing for said at a gala for the Defense where she worked as a young law student. have been a few times this past week when all I wanted to do is just to curl up with a good or our and never leave the house In her first public remarks since conceding to J. Trump last told the crowd she was struggling to recover from an unexpected defeat that she said had left nonwhite children and vulnerable people across the nation afraid. believe the measure of any society is how we treat our and as we move forward into a new and in many ways uncertain that must be the test for and said in a speech. child should be afraid to go to school because or or or because they have a Introduced by Wright the president and as and the first woman to win the popular who had accepted the invitation before the said she had had to overcome deep sorrow to keep the commitment. But she came bearing a message of resolve. know many of you are deeply disappointed about the results of the election. I too more than I can ever she said. know this easy. I know that over the past a lot of people have asked themselves whether was the country we thought it She implored her to in our fight for our values and never give has stayed out of the public eye since the day after the but in a private call with donors over the she cast blame for her loss on the announcement by B. the that he was reviving the inquiry into her use of a private email server as secretary of state. She said that by thrusting the email controversy back into the news 11 days before Election had halted her momentum in the crucial closing days of the race and prevented her from ending her campaign with an optimistic argument to voters. A second letter from clearing her two days before the compounded the harm to her told the feeding into a narrative that the contest was and causing wavering including white suburban to abandon her. On there was no talk of opportunities missed or messages muddled. was regretful and the slightest bit defiant. She said she wished she could go back in time and tell her abandoned at a young not to despair. at me and said she would have told her her voice thick with emotion. will survive. You will have a family of your three and as hard as it might be to your daughter will grow up to be a United States represent our country as secretary of state and win more than 62 million in her campaign for the presidency. stunned and dejected over last electoral are struggling to rebuild their supporters and determine what lessons to draw from their defeat. President told supporters in a call on afternoon that he expected to be a part of that debate starting in when he leaves office. But it is not clear what if plans to play. The event on a the gala honoring children who have found was in some sense a capstone to life in national politics. The same event in 1992 was the first public appearance she and her Bill made after he won the presidency.

As its initial installments this season have made hit show has been losing a war. On a meta can a show that draws much of its heat from tapping the and political zeitgeist keep pace with the chaos of And in terms of can it keep the soap suds bubbling by simply pitting the members of the family against each other and against in particular again and So notwithstanding its persistently strong performances the answer to both questions has been no. Until this week. Like the cold shower that jolts the troubled son back to consciousness after he pops one too many pain Episode 6 is a welcome shock to the system. It centers on a story line all too resonant with events. And in the person of the surprising the story line offers a way out of the endless cycle of alignment and realignment among the sparring presenting with a worthy adversary for what may be the first time in the history. The development starts out innocuously Without and without asking user the new single by the Empire star starts blaring from the phones of every subscriber. Shades of overreach in inserting an unsolicited album into its libraries abound at least until the music gets and face is disconcertingly like a horror movie about a cursed file. From problems mount. The emails of every up to and including and are dumped onto the for all to read. The ensuing revelations range from damaging personal information the identities of staffers who used corporate funds to pay for to a potential smoking gun in the case of Frank the gang lord whose murder arranged behind bars. The nude that Cookie sent her politician gets broadcast worldwide on the same day the councilman announces his run for mayor of New City. and his minions manage to stop the hack before it can breach subscriber but the damage is done. Beyond the that kicks it all leak recalls the widespread hack and release of similar photos by numerous female celebrities a few years back. The email dump evokes the embarrassing information divulged about Democrats by The potential involvement of the hits close to home following the recent prominence. The tangential involvement of a promising New politician brings up the and The concern about customer info comes just weeks after Yahoo announced a massive breach of its personal data. both the presentation of the emails on a big screen and the identity of the initial suspect hearken back to the Mill beef of 2015 settled as Drake performed in front of a gigantic display on which dozens of Twitter posts mocking his opponent were projected. as though hit a single button and triggered an entire array of cultural and political paranoia. But the identity of the is just as important. All the signs pointed to and and his gangster associate pay the young rapper back in blood. But he was merely a set up by the real eldest son and man. engineered the hack with the help of the rival music mogul by rapper sealing his complicity with a payoff in an abandoned factory. The only thing keeping him from his he tells his new has been his lack of musical talent. But now that his equal as both a businessman and an her gifts as a singer are all he needs to get to the top. a dramatic heel turn for a character generally gone off on his own only because of mental illness or religious not raw ambition. It suits actor who has the imposing height and good looks of a superhero gone rogue. Most it gives something it has badly needed for a real one who can go with and potentially win. billionaire bad was the closest the show came in the and she was unceremoniously suicided recurring guest star is just the latest in a long string of halfhearted attempts to build a from scratch. But in has something truly a wolf in a bipolar to twisted King Knowing the it could well reverse course before next episode hits its first commercial break. But the smart move would be to let this battle rage for as long as it can.

After more than three years of digging into hiring practices in federal authorities have determined that the bank hired the children of leaders as part of a quid pro quo to win business in the booming clearing the way for a costly punishment. As soon as the authorities will announce a roughly million settlement with the bank and its Hong according to people briefed on the matter who spoke on the condition of anonymity. The which include criminal prosecutors and civil will accuse the bank of orchestrating a foreign bribery scheme. When The New Times reported on the contours of a settlement in it was not known whether the authorities would explicitly accuse the bank of carrying out a quid pro quo providing jobs in exchange for lucrative assignments from companies. This which strikes at the heart of whether violated United States law governing foreign became a focal point of the investigation and the ensuing settlement negotiations. The bank argued that the hiring of employees was routine in and that its own hires fell into a gray area of foreign bribery laws. The United States concluded that in several senior bankers explicitly linked those jobs or internships to securing deals with the people briefed on the matter said. the people formalized the hiring into what it called the Sons and Daughters program. The bank even went so far as to create spreadsheets that tracked its hires to specific clients and the ability to convert these hires into business deals. In reaching the is expected to accept the findings and conclusions of the investigators. A spokesman for declined to as did a spokesman for the Justice criminal division in and the United States office in The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Federal which handled the civil regulatory aspects of the declined to comment. The which was smaller than once expected because showed a high degree of cooperation with followed a painful period for the bank. When the China hiring investigation first came to light in a article in The Times three years it added to a growing list of regulatory including the billion trading scandal and a billion settlement with the Justice Department over the sale of mortgage securities in the years before the 2008 financial crisis. The China settlement will now put to rest one of the last big regulatory headaches for the bank. Some of the senior bankers suspected of carrying out the hiring have since left Just as the agreement signals the final chapter in the pursuit of wrongdoing on Wall Street. That effort garnered settlements and splashy but no criminal prosecutions of top Wall Street executives after the financial crisis an absence that has drawn much criticism and public debate. The foreign bribery case against is no different. The United States office in and the Justice criminal division in are expected to impose a roughly million penalty on the bank but will not charge any of the bankers who doled out the jobs. The will assess the largest about million of the overall million while the Fed will impose a roughly million penalty. The bank also secured a moral victory by avoiding criminal the people briefed on the matter and instead negotiated a rare agreement. J. surprise victory in the presidential election last week could disrupt the public perception that banks are treated leniently. a media executive appointed as chief White House lamented in 2014 that one criminal charge has ever been brought to any bank associated with the 2008 crisis. presidency also could be a turning point in how banks and other corporations do business in China. On the campaign Trump called China a and threatened to impose tariffs on but as he has shifted his tone and promised that the two nations would have of the strongest No matter the relationship going the Justice Department is expected to continue enforcing the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act the 1977 law that underpins the case against and that might mean more cases against big banks operating in China. The case would represent one of the first major crackdowns on a big bank for violations of this but and other banks have also hinted that they face investigations into their hiring practices in China. Those investigations may but the case provides a template for prosecutors and regulators to bring these sorts of which once seemed lawyers urged prosecutors not to criminalize hiring practices that were common in the region. While hiring an child in exchange for a government contract is a clear violation of global companies routinely hire the sons and daughters of leading politicians. went even and hired the family members of potential clients while seeking their business. hired the children of officials running companies that were seeking banks to help them go public. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act essentially bars United States companies from giving of to a foreign official to win improper in retaining business. sought to prevent such violations. But as the Sons and Daughters program senior bankers explicitly tied those hires to securing deals with the people briefed on the matter said. In an email previously reported by The a executive in Hong linked one prominent hire to and potential business from a company. The executive also described the broader benefits of the hiring telling colleagues in another all know I have always been a big believer of the Sons and Daughters program it almost has a linear with winning assignments to advise companies.

Over the past President V. of has received two starkly different messages about hacking into computer networks from the current and future presidents of the United you and not even sure it was you. The White House confirmed in a statement on that eight days before the presidential the United States the government directly regarding malicious that was state It sent the message over a rarely used a connecting the Nuclear Risk Reduction Centers in both which they had agreed three years ago could also be employed to deal with major The warning only the latest after verbal cautions by President his defense secretary and the director of national intelligence was reported by The Post. The warnings to against further hacking into polling or registration or any further effort to affect the outcome of the are being hailed by the administration as a success in deterrence. After they a year and a half of hacking activity seemed to or and there is no evidence that voting or counting of ballots was disrupted on Election Day. But more than a few experts in deterring take a more skeptical view. They say the had already achieved their main to demonstrate how they could disrupt the electoral process with the leak of hacked including from the Democratic National Committee and campaign John D. suffered nothing worse than a they note no no counter no embarrassing revelations engineered by the United States. And he now has the satisfaction of dealing with J. who during the campaign praised promised to build a more productive relationship with and maintained there was no evidence that the were behind the hacking. anything wrong happens they like blame the Trump said in an 10 debate with know if the doing the hacking. Maybe there is no Trump contended that the allegations of activity were intended to for advocating a new relationship with He frequently repeated similar sentiments in the last weeks of the suggesting the hacking was a fabrication. The leaks of emails worked largely to his embarrassing Democratic leaders like Representative of who was forced to resign as the chairwoman of the Democratic National Committee. larger strategic message is that the United States and need to cooperate on a range of issues. But for now the situation underscores the uncertainty around the world about the direction of foreign policy and gives the opportunity to exploit differences between the current president and his successor until Trump is inaugurated on 20. It is also raising the question of whether the White House pushed back hard enough when intelligence agencies concluded on 7 that officials could have authorized these A. a computer expert at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in dismissed the claim that it had deterred hacking. seems a little bold to claim this is a success for since the deterred from doing he said. hacking work was mostly complete. The issue now is whether they will be deterred in the and the guessing is they will not. Strong private warnings enough to constitute In the appear to have paid less of a price for their hacking around the election than North did for its attack on Pictures Entertainment in 2014. That attack melted down about 70 percent of computers and servers at its wreaking considerable and embarrassed many executives. It was in response to the release of a that imagined a plot to kill the North leader. After the the United States issued more sanctions against North and encouraged China to limit the all of which runs through switching centers. Many experts had expected the White House to follow a similar path with the White House concluded that the and the unstated suggestion that the United States had the power to reach inside networks and see the origin of might suffice. It is not clear if the administration plans any other actions against before departure from but that seems less and less likely. The 31 warning did not deal with the hacking of the Democratic National Committee or which R. Clapper the director of national had previously said was conducted with the knowledge of the leadership. it referred only to the concerns about hacking around the election process and the fear it was originating from though it stopped short of saying it was a attack.

an idiosyncratic author and political conservative best known for being bullish on gold and silver and gloomy about the died on 12 in He was 85. The cause was complications of his said. a college had a starting out as a stockbroker. For a time he also supported himself as a singer. gig was at a as what he described as the only practicing cantor in He went on to run an Wood business for a while which helped make him a millionaire until it foundered and his franchise was forcing him to declare bankruptcy. Rather than defeating the setback led to an he It inspired him to plunge into research and forge a career as a faddish investment which made him a millionaire for a second time. But that went belly up. people say that I succeed at so I became a prophet of he told Time magazine in 1979. That turned out to be another successful calling. In 1975 he started publishing a newsletter called Ruff which mixed financial counsel inflation and recommending investment in with conservative commentary. It drew more than 175,000 subscribers. He began a syndicated weekly television program called organized forums that for a more or less conventional investment and established companies that distributed natural vitamins and as well as other and ventures. Again he as reflected by a home in with an indoor pool. also said he had a hand in claiming some credit for the collapse of the Soviet Union. He and his White House he persuaded President to sell Stinger missiles to Afghan whose guerrilla war with the Soviet invaders had all but bankrupted by the late Ruff drew his widest attention in 1979 with his book to Prosper During the Coming Bad It recommended survivalist like stocking a supply of and directed readers to other books including Places East of the and Weeds for Fun and The book sold millions of copies and was a New Times best seller for more than a year. Until about his followers reaped large capital gains by investing in precious metals. But by several measures his portfolios later underperformed market indexes and even Treasury and some of his apocalyptic predictions did not come to as inflation subsided and interest rates declined during the and when the economy rebounded after the 2008 financial crisis. was a pioneer in the financial world when brokers encouraged investors to buy stocks and bonds and charged high fixed Mark the editor of Forecasts an investment said in an email on argued that Wall Street was hazardous to your especially investing in bonds that were big losers during the inflationary Ruff became bullish on the bond and stock markets in the early changing the name of his newsletter to Financial Success Report. But it reverted to Ruff Times in the and in 2008 he updated his book on the coming bad warning that whoever won the presidency in 2008 would be doomed by rising oil and gas prices and spiraling monetary inflation to become of the Among his other books were and Survival in and to Prosper in the Age of A Ruff Plan for Hard Times Unlike some of his Ruff maintained a following through an engaging wit and a general willingness to admit mistakes. Urging investors to be he compared the breed to bovine left the I feel the majority of the herd is going to be turned into In recommending readiness for economic he reminded his raining when built the He a conservative lobbying group called Free the and in 2000 he to prevent who had transplanted herself from and from winning a Senate seat from New His political action committee prepared a television commercial that benignly featured babies and puppies playing in Central Park. It asked rhetorically what they had in have all lived in New longer than Ruff was born on in the son of the former a and who killed himself when was 6 months old. grew up he recalled. were too poor to afford a He had wanted to be a singer since the age of at his instead of accepting a scholarship to the Institute of Music in he served a mission in the eastern United States for the Church. He later majored in music education at Young University in with a minor in economics. But by his senior he told The New Times in ran out of money and got out of college before it did me any personal like ending up teaching high school music after joining the Air he toured with its symphony as a baritone soloist and also performed with the Tabernacle Choir. Ruff released an Ruff in 1982 on his own Target featuring songs like Walked Today Where I Were a Rich Every and did it for the shock Ruff said. also did it to change my image. I have always been painted as a cardboard figure of Ruff is survived by his the former 13 of their 14 children of whom were and Timothy Patty and Bond 79 and 48 By fortunes had slipped again. The circulation of Ruff Times had plummeted to according to Personal and he had long sold his estate and moved to smaller quarters. was a millionaire. Twice. He lost it all. his family said in a statement. often said he learned more from his failures than from his But he retained admirers. The journalist and financial analyst Mark wrote on in would be easy to miss the lasting contribution Ruff made to the investment advisory he had brought the mainstream the notion that we need to rely on a Wall Street broker or analyst for advice on what to do with our He gave voice to the millions of investors who felt that the financial system was rigged against

When conducted a mass hanging in August of prisoners accused of attacks in its restive western the executions were widely criticized as an egregious human rights violation. But opponents also were appalled at what came next. Videos that showed apparently coerced confessions of the prisoners interwoven with music and clips of unrelated assaults by militants of the State have been shown on state television in the months since the executions. Produced and disseminated by official media the videos contain no apologies for the mass hangings. They apparently are meant to exploit fears among the majority population about the the extremist group ensconced in and that shares antipathy for both and the West. Human rights groups say the hangings in on 2 put 20 to 25 prisoners to one of the largest mass executions ever carried out in that country. In a report about the videos issued titled Boasting of Mass the rights group Amnesty International accused of having used falsehoods and sensationalist screen titles like the and the Depth of to justify the mass hangings to a domestic audience. In some the rights group the confessions covered crimes committed well after the condemned had been incarcerated. parading death row prisoners on national the authorities are blatantly attempting to convince the public of their but they cannot mask the disturbing truth that the executed men were convicted of vague and broadly defined offenses and sentenced to death after grossly unfair said Amnesty research and advocacy director for the Middle East and North Since the 1979 has been among the leaders in administering the death and has applied it for a wide range of crimes beyond homicide. Many of the executed have been convicted of drug offenses or on the more vaguely defined charge of enmity against God. Use of the death penalty in the region is not limited to and for also have been singled out by Amnesty International and other human rights groups. While these groups have long accused the judicial authorities in of using torture and other coercive methods against the use of recorded confessions in sophisticated videos shown on national television is relatively new. seems has joined the propaganda producing slick videos featuring the apparently forced confessions of men they later executed as bizarrely interspersed with scary videos of State attacks they had nothing to do wrote the Middle East director at Human Rights in an emailed reaction to the Amnesty International report. Ms. also said she was troubled by the role of media agencies in producing and distributing these which implicate them in a rather macabre and ugly form of The Amnesty report scrutinized the confessions shown in the in which the condemned men repeatedly described themselves and who deserve their The men confessed to membership in an outlawed extremist group known as and which they said carried out attacks and plotted assassinations. In some of the they compared themselves to the State and said they have committed atrocities worse than IS if we had not been The Amnesty International report uncovered what it described as several inconsistencies in the suggesting the confessions had been scripted. some the men are linked to crimes that occurred months after they had been arrested or the nature of their involvement in the crimes attributed to them change massively from one video to the report said. There was no immediate response to the Amnesty International report from officials. While they have often ignored criticism from Amnesty International and other rights they are not immune to it. A number of countries in the angered over use of the death penalty in have severed contributions to the United Nations agency that helps finance its campaign. Last media reported that Parliament was debating a measure to reduce use of the death penalty. In judges were given the discretion to impose alternative penalties on juveniles convicted of capital offenses. Precisely how judges have used this discretion remains but the change was seen as a response to criticism of for putting some children on death row. government is sensitive to global public said the advocacy director for the Middle East and North at Amnesty office. many officials may attempt to portray themselves as impervious to international it can lead to many

was out of town at a conference on information technology in 2015 when he was struck with terrible abdominal pain. He tried to go to an urgent care center and called several local doctors. No one could see him. So he headed to the nearest emergency room. On the he called his insurance company to make sure the visit would be covered. Once he got to the Palms of Hospital emergency a doctor gave him some medication and and let him go. A month feeling better and back at home in Baton received an bill from the doctor who treated him for really makes me and kind of breaks my he said. When people go to the emergency they are often stunned to discover that doctors who treated them are not employed by the hospital and bill their insurance company separately. These doctors negotiate separate deals with insurance companies for payment. If the doctor and the insurance company never strike a the visit is billed at much higher rates. While the insurance company sometimes pays the higher unlucky patients like can be caught in the crossfire. They receive care and have no idea what it will end up costing them. New research published in The New England Journal of Medicine on found that more than one in five patients visiting the emergency room may face the same financial shock. The study looked at billing data from one large national insurer and found that 22 percent of the patients who went to a hospital covered by their plan still received a bill from a doctor who was not in the insurance network. The average such bill cost more than though there was a wide the highest was for more than This is not the first time researchers have examined surprise medical but the broadest analysis to date of the problem nationwide. The study found wide variation across the country over the likelihood that someone would get a surprise medical bill. In for the rates of surprise billing were 89 compared with where it was near zero. Once patients get to the emergency they have little choice over who treats them. put it in very blunt This is the health equivalent of a said an assistant professor of health policy and economics at and a of the paper. Cooper argues that the problem could be solved by which could make the visit a package that includes both the doctor and hospital. Consumer and scholars like see the surprise bill as unfair. nearly impossible for patients to uncover the contract arrangements of individual physicians once they walk into an emergency room or are brought by ambulance. by and not aware that playing that type of financial said Chuck the programs director at Consumers an advocacy group that has been urging states and Congress to help solve the problem. follow the and they go to the and then just like a Several states have passed legislation aimed at tackling the including New and where a law recently went into effect. But the state laws affect only a fraction of insurance customers. Insurance offered by large like is regulated under federal law. And most of the laws work by setting up a dispute resolution system for which means they need to know they can go to state authorities to fight a big bill. Congressman a Democrat from introduced legislation last year to tackle the practice but he said he experienced healthy dose of from his colleagues on the Ways and Means committee. had heard complaints of surprise bills from and it turns out that the new study found that is a hot spot for the practice. said he would introduce the legislation again next year. think that got to be a way to get consumers out of this he said. President included proposals to limit emergency room bills in his budget and recent regulations have made it more difficult for doctors to collect certain though those rules are being fought in court by physicians. The acting administrator for the Centers for and Services has said that surprise bills are a policy priority for him. The data in the study come from one large commercial but the researchers agreed not to name it in exchange for access. Cooper said there was only a little difference in the share of surprise bills in places where the insurance company had a lot of compared with those where it did less business. Emergency room doctors criticized the findings and were quick to blame the insurers. The College of Emergency the medical society that represents the said patients are much less likely to face large unexpected bills than the study citing an analysis the group did in of patients who were or asked to make up the difference between what the insurer pays and what the doctor bills. balance bills are less than a couple of hundred on said the president. She said that most doctors want to be included in networks but that they are not being offered reasonable fees. is insurance company bad said whose group this week put out a parody video that accuses the insurers of paying too little for their work. Insurance companies like to blame the arguing that while they can reach a deal with the there are many doctors who refuse to be part of the network they offer under a plan. And the insurers argue hospitals have a responsibility to make sure the outside doctors they use to staff their emergency rooms sign contracts with the same health plans they do. would go a long way to reduce and prevent consumers from receiving a big surprise balance a spokeswoman for Health Insurance a trade said in an email. The new authors agree. When received his he tried appealing the charge to his insurance company. understand that you went to a preferred provider facility and did not have a choice of the emergency room physician who treated his insurer wrote back but denied the claim. Then he went to the private practice that had sent him the bill. It was willing to negotiate. knocked off half the he said. is great. would you rather get punched four times or two I guess two times is

When J. Trump emerged from the haze of his surprise victory in the presidential one of his first calls was apparently to an early a controversial radio host and conspiracy theorist with a large following. The the host of and the operator of the website says he fielded a phone call on from the thanking for his support. The call served as a reminder that who has been repeatedly denounced in the mainstream news will remain someone whose support Trump wants. was just thanking me for fighting so hard for and for and thanking my listeners and supporters and to let me know that he was working really hard around the said in a telephone interview this week. said he urged Trump to hold to his pledges to after the corruption in the and at least remove a lot of the Aides to Trump declined to respond to an email seeking comment on the phone call. As a Trump generated headlines when he appeared on radio show during the Republican primary contests for a nearly interview. thanked him at the informing the candidate that he would be for the appearance on what is considered a fringe despite its large audience. Among more suspect stances are his insistence that the shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in was a hoax and that the government is creating chaos by manipulating weather systems. He has been loudly and roundly denounced by Democrats and some Republicans. He is also a vocal opponent of trade and two issues that dovetailed with positions during the primaries. think emerged as the single most powerful voice on the Roger J. Stone a longtime informal adviser to said of It was Stone who connected Trump with months ago. may laugh at his Stone is reaching millions of and they are the foot soldiers in the Trump said Trump had promised to come on his radio show in the next few weeks. And the radio host is positioning himself as someone who will hold Trump accountable to the most voices in his party. said he planned to hold the incoming president to his campaign promises. That includes appointing cabinet members who will pursue investigations of he said. If that does not people will be It will be an indication of a return to politics as he added. who railed against the establishment news media throughout the also warned Trump to keep listening to the voters who helped elect him. Among the interviews since his victory has been a traditional with the News program one of the most establishment venues in journalism. he starts acting like divorced from us and care about turn against said of followers. Trump needs to complete only a portion of his he said. he gets 20 percent people will be he said.

When family announced last week that he had died at it gave no cause. Although the poet and songwriter had been open about his failing health in recent fans knew little other than what The New Yorker reported in its weekly radio that had been battling cancer. On B. offered more detail about his death. died during his sleep following a fall in the middle of the night on said in a statement. death was unexpected and In the months before his was busy. Even as his body was growing frail and he was experiencing pains in his he was working diligently to bring several projects to according to friends and colleagues. In addition to finishing his last Want It which was released in he was working on two other musical projects and a book of poetry. felt the window getting said a producer and songwriter who had worked closely with on his last three albums. wanted to use the time as productively as he could to finish the work that he was so good at and so devoted whose working pace was slow he took five years to write his most famous had been extremely productive in recent touring steadily between 2008 and 2013 and releasing three studio albums since 2012. Some of that his collaborators was a matter of polishing material he had been working on for many years. said that when they were at work on an album of string arrangements of his songs and another of songs that he said were inspired by old grooves. Describing their working who has collaborated with Pink and many other said that he would sometimes get emails through the night in which tweaked lyrics. Then joked about it in further emails the next day. feel really grateful that I have been able to have my email a new At times this people who wrote to usually a dependable correspondent on email got an automatic response. a host on the public radio station got a terse to and got a worried feeling. told me that he was unplugging from the digital said. But that message was also way of keeping distractions at bay while he worked. In the weeks and months before his he appears to have engaged in as much creative activity as he could handle. said that he emailed a set of new tracks the morning he died. Other friends spoke of dining with him just days before. Last and his who produced Want It were interviewed by in a promotional event for the album at the Consulate General of had to be helped to his seat and appeared short of breath. But he spoke with his typical mixture of spiritual wisdom and wit. often said that if I knew where the good songs came from go there more in his deep when asked about his songwriting method. said that after the he asked whether fans could expect another album. genuinely seemed to not know the answer to that said. Through a declined to comment for this but in a post last week announcing his he I write this thinking of my unique blend of and his approachable his charisma without his gentlemanliness and the tower of his Even near debonair charm was intact. a singer and songwriter who has been a longtime collaborator of said she was sitting in the front row at the consulate and she gave a hug as he stepped down from his seat. said into my look Ms. recalled. She had last seen in just before she left for a concert tour. He invited her to his and after first offering her ice cream and played her the new album on a As the songs he closed his eyes and recited the words quietly to she a ritual she had witnessed many times before. But this time he was working against the clock. was dealing with the ultimate I Ms. wanted to make sure that he got everything out that he wanted to

They were a if slightly group last evening at a store on Street that sells ethical fashion made by indigenous people one man and seven women gathered around a garment rack and cinched to its uprights with lengths of wool. They wore back strap which look sort of like and they were being led in a workshop by a master weaver and textile designer. she has long been used as occupational therapy. Its rhythms are meditative and and the tradition of a weaving circle foments community and creativity. opens up a safe space to talk about our anxiety and what she said. And there was wine. and both corporate had left work early to attend. seemed like a fitting thing to do Ms. said. expectation yesterday at work was that we were just supposed to keep and it was hard because I was so When what may have been the most bitter presidential election certainly it seemed like the longest finally ended last week with a it just educational institutions that responded as if to a national trauma. While high schools and elementary schools offered healing counseling and safe spaces to their groups threw open their too. So did yoga arts organizations and meditation centers. As the week even the New City typically not the most salubrious became a place of succor as a set up shop as the Subway Therapist. There was free acupuncture on 9 at a community clinic on West 23rd Street. and clinical saw a steady stream of patients whom she treated mostly with a she that had been developed for soldiers with stress disorders. ended up seeing about 20 she said. we varied the treatment depending on what they were presenting with. Some were some were some were just totally despondent and sobbing. It ran the gamut. We did this a few months ago after the it was a really lovely way to build is on the same block in where a bomb exploded in injuring 31 Before the a clinical associate biology professor at had organized a yoga and smoothie event for his students at a yoga studio in But after hearing their fears about J. who had threatened or insulted women and the Professor recast the afternoon class as a bolstering interlude. One student had a cousin who was worried about being others in the community felt betrayed by parents who said they supported them and also voted for Trump. Many worried about how to talk to family members and friends at home over Thanksgiving. feel beaten he women and minorities. My who is in middle was very upset. been advocating the yoga class as an event to regain composure and gather strength. We need to continue this kind of group It trauma that sent Joy into Presbyterian Church on West 73rd Street on the evening of it was she said. I was feeling angry because I believe so many people would endorse principles that were so completely contrary to what I thought we had some sort of agreement an agreement about how we treat each she said. Describing herself as an irregular church Ms. said that nonetheless she a quiet place to sit and am I going to do to wake up tomorrow and not feel this What action can I The church had opened its doors for prayer and contemplation in the aftermath of the said the Rev. the church in response to his many of whom he said were phoning him in tears. are sponsoring a and they were really he said. wanted to offer a safe space to be partly to grieve but also to recommit to our values and look That the Auburn a leadership held an event in Square Park called for the The organizers had expected 60 but 300 or so showed up to sing Over Troubled Shall and other restorative hymns. who is a faith planned it a week before the because we knew people were going to be experiencing a lot of intense emotion because of the nature of the He was by the noting that his group was joined by the community. is hitting people in different ways depending on what race you are and what identity you he added. a feeling particularly scared of the supporters of but we have to stand up for the people going to come for like the immigrant population. How do you create a healing space that allows us to move on but also to fight for our On a lighter was flooded with puppy videos as an antidote to all the rancor. The Post posted clips of Bob Joy of the anesthetizing as a soothing balm. On Wait Tell weekly news quiz the writers substituted a quiz on rainbows and kittens for the My segment. thought everybody could use a little adorable said Peter the host. Distraction was on the mind of the director of horticulture at the High who took to Twitter the day after the election to offer the park as a healing space. So did the directors of the Botanic Garden in an email to its members. Over the Gathering a group connected with Prospect led nature walks there as a nature connection for sanity and you need respite or solace or please come and walk or sit Ms. Pettis tweeted last week. She said what I needed to do. To just be in out on the western rail a place in New City that I love so much. so important for people to have access to these healing and I wanted to remind people that the High Line is there for them. We got some really warm feedback on social People did the best they with the resources they had. The Cat on the Lower East Side offered guided meditation with cats. The Herb a source for affordable herbal medicine and education in said an handed out free which are like smudge sticks but made from trees that grow in the was something people could take home and metaphorically and literally light a fire and cleanse a path towards healing from the ground he adding that 50 people had already done so. a trend forecaster who is also the dean of hybrid design studies at opened her West Village townhouse for tea and conversation on 9. had appointments that and our clients were really shaken on all she said. we felt it was appropriate to send out a message of love and compassion and to be with She offered tea and a roaring and she said many took her up on the offer. was very she said. had nice tea. And my fantastic butcher ran out of roast chickens before 5 That same who goes by the name Levee and has been performing as the Subway Therapist for the last six setting out two chairs and a card table and letting people tried something different. thought make it more he said. figured people had a lot of things to get off their So bought pens and some and parked himself in a subway tunnel between Seventh Avenue and Avenue of the inviting to share their thoughts. Within the wall had become an enormous message board clocking the emotions of New Yorkers expressed in thousands of squares. He sent a friend out to buy more Another friend brought more. By the end of the there were 2,000 notes on the wall. a director of educational wept for my I wept for my two yellow read. Supporters Are a green one read. A young woman in tears said to you for doing In the crowd that night was a student at College on Island who works as a waitress. She wore a cardboard sign around her neck that you need a just Underneath was a strip of black tape that Trumps At school that she had been wearing it over her mouth. made one of my professors she hugged 17 people on the Island Ferry and at school. gotten a lot more smiles. I think people are afraid to touch surveyed the crush in the tunnel. have a passion for he said. this has turned into something more than I was still at it evening. And there have been copycat operations in other parts of the as well as in and Reporters from local and international television news programs have gone to the tunnel. That over 12,000 stretched from one end of the tunnel to the presenting a formidable task for He has been carefully removing each note each night when he goes home in he to not impose upon the crews who might have to clean up after but also to refresh the message and keep it alive with new thoughts. day expresses a more hopeful and inclusive he said the next still groggy from a late night in the subway. been a stressful couple of days. But I think things are going to be

There are more reasons than ever to understand how to protect your personal information. Major website hackings seem ever more frequent. A set of National Security Agency hacking tools were dumped over the past year. In hackers used some of those tools to hijack computers around the world. In a Medium Quincy the founder of Free Code an community for learning to detailed the reasons it might be useful for people to make their personal data more difficult for attackers to obtain. I use the term I mean anyone trying to access your data whom you given express permission he a a corporation or even a In an walked us through some of the basic steps he recommended. We added a few of our based on additional interviews and news events. We encourage you to send any questions or feedback about this article to Encryption is just a fancy word for scrambling your data so no one can understand what it says without a key. useful for protecting information on your but also for making sure prying eyes snoop on text messages and emails on your phone. But encryption is more complex than just switching a couple of letters around. Signal is one of the most popular for those who want to protect their text messages. It is available for and and extremely easy to but it does depend on your friends downloading and using it along with you. And unlike which is also the code it uses to operate is open which is easier for an independent security expert to examine without the special permission of the developer. can be sure by looking at the code that not doing anything weird with your said. the idea behind the is to make privacy and communication as simple as said Moxie the founder of Open Whisper the organization that developed Signal. the popular chat uses software to encrypt its messaging. And in Messenger and you can turn on an option that encrypts your messages. how to do that on how to do it on In used a type of software that locks down data and threatens to destroy it if the attacker is not to hijack hundreds of thousands of computers worldwide. Such attacks are often spread through malicious email attachments and a practice known as So make a rule of not clicking on anything when you do not know where it will take even if it appears to come from someone you know. make sure to update your software particularly your operating system. software companies will release updates that patch bugs and vulnerabilities when they are discovered. But outdated or unauthorized copies of the software may still contain the security flaws. This is a particular problem with computers using the most popular operating system in the world and therefore a big target for hackers. for those using software can go a long way toward shoring up protection. recommends tools from or Your phone may be the device that lives in your but described the computer as the real gold mine for personal information. Even if your data were someone who gained access to your computer have access to all your files if they were both Apple and Windows offer means of automatic encryption that simply need to be turned on. In can be enabled from the Security and Privacy System Preferences panel. Apple has detailed instructions to enable it here. Windows users must be running Windows 7 Ultimate or the Professional version of Windows or 10 to use a guide on how to and how to turn it on. keep your data backed up. If something happens to or you lose it you can recover quickly without hassle. An backup like a favorite of The a New Times backs up your data and encrypts it at the same time. Even an external hard drive gives your files an extra layer of security. Backups will protect your documents and other data not only from a technical but from and other malicious hacking. Just make sure to test or check your backups periodically. You know this by now. Creating strong passwords and never using the same password across sites is one of the simplest things you can do to protect yourself from digital invasion. Not everyone agrees about frequent password changes. Most say you should use really strong passwords and no more than one password per THEN use the password managers. But making up new combinations all the time is irritating and tempting people to reuse them or make them too simple. That is one reason some experts object to frequent password changes. far better to create really strong ones for every login. And new passwords can pose security because hard to remember complex so you are tempted to write them down. That can lead to a lot of passwords. To keep track of recommends password which help store many with one master password. He said he uses but knows plenty of people who use and and he have a strong reason to recommend one over another. As far as making passwords up be precious about it. Use a random word object near for scramble the letters and sprinkle in numbers and punctuation marks. If writing passwords down or using a password you have to worry about making them memorable. When you turn on anyone trying to sign in to your email from new devices will have to go through a secondary layer of a code that is sent to your phone via text message. not through a link to turn on authentication for accounts. one for Yahoo and one for Outlook accounts. You should also set authentication for social media accounts and other sites where available. But email is the most important since many sites use email for password a fact that hackers have exploited. Once they have access to your they can get access to social data backups and work accounts. recommended this developed by the Electronic Frontier a digital security organization. It ensures that you are using the secure form of meaning that your connection to the site will be encrypted and that you will be protected from various forms of surveillance and hacking. Download Everywhere for Chrome here. For here. a list of about the including whether it is available for other browsers. And this is a good time to note that you should always find out whether the network you are using is secure. Public networks and even private networks without security keys often are not. The personal tech X. recommends using a to shield browsing encrypt all of the data coming to or leaving your computer or and hide your location. create an encrypted through which all of your data is meaning other computers or devices on the same network as your computer make sense of it. The only people who have the in this case is your computer and the provider you connect to when you turn it on. This is especially useful on public like at the airport or coffee where you know who else is using the same network. Some are and others require monthly subscriptions. The best offer for your phone as well as your computer. highlights three by and a service called Private Access. This available on Safari and among other may sound but pay attention to the clear warnings. On the second paragraph of the home screen spells it out for you. it says. incognito hide your browsing from your your service provider or the websites you In it simply keeps your computer from keeping a record of where you go. It stop sites from tracking and collecting data on and do anything to protect your privacy or security. It keep anyone using your computer from knowing where you went. said that if people were paranoid about he would strongly encourage them to use an alternate search engine. He that he was not paranoid. is built on the hacker and they have put principle above profits in some he said. But he also acknowledged that he meets all the time who are extremely skeptical of any large software and I think There are search results are more useful and accurate than precisely because of the ways it collects and analyzes information about its searches. That if someone has found a way to compromise your they cannot spy on you. And this happens. Even Mark of worries about it.

Q. A. Many mail services including and give you the option of downloading your messages to the computer through a email instead of only keeping them Some people prefer this because it keeps copies of the messages locally on the computer for archiving. Doing this makes the downloaded mailbox contents accessible without an too. For mail services with storage downloading the messages to the computer also helps free up space Some people prefer using desktop programs to more easily manage mail accounts from multiple services or to avoid the advertisements that are the price paid for using a service. Downloading messages from a service takes a bit of although the Windows and Mac operating systems have simplified it by allowing you to select a popular mail service from a list and enter your user name and password to add it to the mail program. You usually have to enable message downloads to a program in the account settings of your email service. Keeping your mail has its especially if you check the account from multiple computers and devices. Storing your mail also means it is backed up. Depending on the mail service you you may get better filtering through the web version. has also added several useful tools to its like instant translation from other languages or messages bundled into topics Shopping or with its by service.

A union has set up a for workers to report instances of as part of a effort to raise awareness of a certain kind of condescending elocution that men use to explain to women things they already understand. not all men who do of but a certain kind of man. You know He is probably getting ready to this article to you. The which is temporary and open to men and was set up by a trade union that represents about 600,000 employees in and describes itself as the largest union in the world. objective is to contribute to awareness and start a discussion which we hope will be the first step in changing the way we treat each other and talk about each other in the a union said in an email on important to create awareness about how seemingly small things that we do or say add up to a larger Between 10 and 4 every day this members are being encouraged to phone the to talk about in their working lives. The calls will be answered by 20 men and who are gender academics and others. most important thing when we consulted these people is that they have knowledge and interest in the Ms. said. women and men carrying valuable experience for such a type of So Ms. callers have asked for advice on speaking up when they feel run over by male and on how to help female colleagues who are being ignored by men in their working groups. Others have asked how to address clients or colleagues who address only the male employees even when a woman is in charge and how to address men who get credit for a work. The term a portmanteau of and entered popular usage after the author and historian published a 2008 essay titled Explain Things to She described attending a party at which a man insisted on explaining to her a important he had heard about and did not immediately seem to absorb that she had written the book. With a knowing roll of the eyes and a deep women and some men recognized the experience Ms. and a new word was born. Just this a man wrote to the advice columnist to complain that she had misused the term in her response to an earlier letter. She replied that his letter contained almost magical complained that I had misused the word but you are the only person to while doing And last the word was featured as an answer on correct response was given by a male for the in has prompted a strong reaction. The Independent newspaper reported that page had been inundated with negative from intention has never been to point fingers or blame all our intention has simply been to spark an interest and start a debate at our work places and in Ms. said. She added that the debate had been and course regretful if someone feels But the union says it hopes the raises awareness of gender discrimination in the workplace in doing perhaps helps to alleviate it. not all men subject all women to all of the wrote Peter one of the gender experts who will be manning the phone lines. would be an absurd assertion and not based in reality. enough women are subjected to it by enough men for it to be a problem that warrants being discussed and

Good morning. A few months I started talking to people about asking them what dishes they put on the table each year and why. So did other reporters here who carry their notebooks in search of and We put out a request for readers to tell us via an email link. Hundreds and hundreds responded. The standard first the whole shtick. People talked about their bronzed turkeys and buttery mashed their cranberry the importance of gravy. They talked about pumpkin pie. Some serve mac and cheese. sprouts. But then we And that was when things started to get interesting. We all come from after all. Your ancestors may have roamed this continent for thousands of years before the Mayflower dropped anchor near the end of Cape Cod. They may have been on the ship. They may have come on later willingly or in chains. They may have come by train or airplane. They came. The journeys play out on the Thanksgiving table as surely as there will be lines to buy television monitors on the morning after the feast. People cook what they perhaps especially on holidays. And what they like may be what their parents or their their back before their families were in before they were tastes arc back over generations. But those same tastes also change over especially as hearts swell and new families are born. People cook what the people they love like. That fact changes Thanksgiving. It can make for incredible meals. The result of our and subsequent ones by and Times video is an interactive article that looks at families across the and at the dishes on their Thanksgiving tables that speak most eloquently about their heritage and traditions. The stories of these we help tell the story of the nation. They help tell us who we are. Of course there are Fifteen of for side dishes and desserts that may enliven your own Thanksgiving table this and we hope prompt you to tell us about what dishes you serve and what they say about you and where your family comes from. You can share your own stories in the comments section. looking forward to reading them. In the talk about dinner. Typically on we cook with a recipe. Instead we go off the power of suggestion. for steak tacos. Get some fresh some pick up a couple of skirt steaks. Make some fresh or canned pickled a healthy couple of shakes of powder. Shower the steaks with salt and and broil them for a few minutes a side until perfect and rare. Warm the tortillas. Grate the cheese. Rest the slice and serve with the cheese and that salsa. Dinner. You want an actual instructions to Try this one for chicken which I learned from Or head on over to browse our offerings on where in addition to collections of easy weeknight also assembled all the tools need to help plan your Thanksgiving festivities. me on and if you want still more or sign up for Turkey Texts to get my advice on your Save the recipes you want to cook to your recipe then head into the kitchen to make your idle notions delicious and real. Rate your results when done and leave notes on the recipes if you have smart suggestions for how to make them or differently. as please let us know if you run into either with a recipe or with our site and standing by to did you see that movie results were up 47 percent this past weekend over the same weekend in Maybe like to see in coming Or going at least once finished reading which is dark and as both Garner and have pointed out. See you on

which went through a messy at the top last spring just as its project to renovate Hall was beginning to take is turning to academia for its next leader. L. the president of will become the arts 10th president in officials announced In appointing Ms. who is also an author and a former Business School board looked beyond arts administration circles and decided to tap someone with experience running a large nonprofit and with a track record of raising money for capital projects skills that could prove useful as the renovation proceeds. Ms. Spar will succeed who abruptly left the post last spring after officials there faulted him for failing to disclose a consensual affair with a woman he had promoted. Ms. Spar will be the first woman to lead the largest performing arts center. Ms. is taking the helm at a delicate moment. The renovation of the home of the New is proving even more complex than officials initially expected. While Center had hoped to release design proposals this they are now aiming for next fall. Most of the money needed for the which is expected to cost on the order of remains to be raised. And officials have pushed back the tentative date for opening the hall by a to the fall of 2022. But Ms. who started a million capital campaign at which she said was the largest in the said that she was confident that the money for Hall could be raised. want to give you money for something that is she said. very hard to raise money when you say to people fix this hole in the or do infrastructure. very hard to raise money for. But raising money for something that aims to be the best performing arts space in the the chairwoman of said members had been impressed with Ms. record at from the way she had run a complex institution in New City to her involvement with big capital campaigns to her connections to the younger generations that Center must attract if it is to thrive. Center is unlike any other arts Ms. said. really no logical feeder institution. And we thought that it was less important to have someone for had a career playing the than it was to find someone who really understood how to manage a complicated Ms. path to Center has been an unusual one. career is she said. Raised in she said her first visit to the complex as a young child was either for a at New City Ballet or a Young Concert at the Philharmonic she took ballet through college. She graduated from intending to enter the Foreign wound up getting her doctorate in government from after briefly teaching political science at the University of became a professor at Business School. Along the she has written about the rise of the reproductive more the challenges facing women in her 2013 and the Quest for An essay of hers about ideas of beauty and feminism that appeared in The New Times in in which she wrote that she had undergone breast reduction surgery at the age of 21 drew a number of passionate responses. During her tenure at she attracted a more racially diverse student broadened the admissions policy to include women and worked to bolster the role of the arts on bringing the dancer and the choreographer there as artists in residence. Ms. praised Ms. support of arts initiatives at the describing her in an email as knowing and open the president of the Ford Foundation and a vice chairman of the board of New City said in an interview that Ms. Spar had the ability to the room when she walks and praised her efforts to increase diversity at and strengthen its ties to the city. has the perfect blend of ambition and and a tremendous he said. Those chops will no doubt be called on as the project proceeds. Ms. said that officials had decided that preliminary designs needed further prompting the decision to postpone their release until next year. But she said that more unannounced gifts had come in she suggested that close to million had been raised so far and that she was confident that the release of the designs would lead to more gifts. Construction is still expected to begin in she but will occur largely off campus at with prefabricated pieces built elsewhere to minimize the disruption to the Philharmonic. The orchestra will have to leave its hall for two seasons during construction and now expects to depart beginning with the 2020-21 said the president. He said that he looked forward to working with Ms. Spar. Ms. who has written about technological innovation and the said that she looked forward to what a performing arts center needs to be for new adding that more tumultuous times the more vibrant and important the arts next generation listens to music and enjoys performance in pretty different and so how do you think about educating the next generation so that the performing arts become a part of their she asked. that they come to see Center as something they can be part of and participate in and perform at and

no secret that J. Trump lost badly in on Election Day. But not everywhere. By territory the blue and red sides ended up fairly as voters delivered wins for Trump across the rural Central Valley and northern Trump suggested on Twitter that had he campaigned more in the result would have been different. Given the solidly blue where the vast majority of people that seems unlikely. With the caveat that there are still roughly four million unprocessed ballots that will likely shift the a look at by the numbers. About 33 percent of voters cast their ballots for Trump. compared with a little more than 37 percent for Mitt in 2012. More than 3.5 million backed the according to the early tallies. For 6.6 million. Nearly half of counties 26 out of 58 went for Trump. The largest by population was the county just north of that is home to Trump got more than 119,000 votes to roughly 86,000. The county where Trump did Nearly 73 percent of voters in the sparsely populated northeast county chose the Republican. Where Trump did Fewer than 10 percent voted for him. Trump had small outposts of support even along solidly blue coast. Beach and in Orange for both went mostly according to precinct data at The Times. Mark director of the Field said had been moving left relative to the rest of the country going back several presidential elections. As the final ballots are defeat in is poised to be the most resounding since Franklin D. trounced M. in 1936. think there is anything Trump could have done to change that Senator Boxer introduced a bill to abolish the Electoral College after lost the election despite winning the popular vote. approval of a ballot measure on bilingual education gives children their cultural heritage back. The New who is was elevated to a top position among a signal that bishops might challenge Trump on immigration. New The filed a lawsuit that could slow plans for resuming executions. An analysis of census data showed that is one of the cities with the greatest declines in millennial residents. Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb abuse and hate speech. New Four truckers in won a settlement in a religious discrimination case. The men had refused to cut their hair for drug tests. Associated If a fruit or vegetable grown in dirt should it still be called New Frank Ocean talks about being making music and regaining control of his career. New A exuberant dance at a Warriors game has become an sensation. Bay Ray turned a hamburger stand in into a fast food empire that changed the way eat. the mastermind became known as the man who saved the Padres. The struggling team had been poised to leave town when swooped in and bought it in 1974. Less is known about his who took control of the fortune after death in 1984 and subsequently gave it away to including a million gift to National Public Radio at her death in 2003. In a new The Man Who Made the Fortune and the Woman Who Gave It All tells the story of one of most influential couples. We caught up with Ms. over email. What did you find most intriguing about What motivated Ms. Why give it all been the lasting impact of her charitable You depict her as a glamorous type. Did she like a

For this the most astonishing name on the start list for 100 meters did not belong to Bolt. But what Pal of lacked in he more than made up for as an international man of mystery. If really was born on as his passport his presence would be extraordinary at the World Masters Athletics Championships. This would make him not only the oldest known runner in the world but probably the oldest man in the world. The problem many people did not believe his story. suspect that he is lying about his said the senior joint secretary of the Masters Athletics Federation of T. of a leading researcher on said the oldest age ever validated for a man was 115. The eldest confirmed person was a who died in 1997 at 122. In his said the director of the New England Centenarian Study at Medical percent of all claims of being 115 or older are The chances of being 119 and a competitive runner probably equaled the odds of a rocket ship and going to said. And he if in his any running he did still denied exaggerating his age. In late he had more immediate concerns. A he lived in the village of nearly 5,000 miles from the world masters championships. He wanted to reach by 24 to prepare to run the 200 and 400 meters. He had paid his entry fee but did not have money to buy an airline ticket. He also needed a visa. He would travel to New Maybe a politician there would arrange the necessary funds for willing to stay in a cheap I want to the oldest competitor would be an John a World War II veteran who was captured by the and put into forced labor. Malnutrition and the harsh conditions permanently shrouded his vision. he resumed his running career after the war. He knew what a body could withstand. The pain of sport was nothing compared with the pain of capture. To needed a magnifying glass. He wore sunglasses outdoors to shield his eyes. He could see the lanes of a but he could not read the bib numbers of his competitors. Faces were smudged. He met people and shook hands and said hi and hoped that was enough not to be considered a if he did not recognize a friend. Despite his impaired he once set world masters records from 800 meters to the marathon. He went 10 years without a defeat on the track. In his he could still run a marathon under three hours. His shock of white always combed in a neat even in the middle of gave him the yearning look of a pioneer. all the in a way to said an who is president of World Masters the governing body. John. He should have died as a prisoner of but he He came home and recovered. He got back to competing at the absolutely top On a track a from his was coming out of retirement for his first meet in 11 years. Four thousand athletes from 91 countries were scheduled to compete at the world masters championships from 26 to the equivalent of the for runners and throwers and jumpers 35 and older. had entered the 1,500 and in that order. In his final one of his opponents could be Pal to said of any athlete who could be 119. lucky to be much less jogging despite uncertainty about his was as stirring to some athletes as was to athletes. healthy and inspiring to said a relative sprinting novice at 75. Unlike who lived a cataloged life verified by medals and two biographies could not produce a birth certificate. They were not regularly issued in villages when he was said to have been born. Such gaps in birth registration tended to skew masters records toward athletes from more developed nations and disproportionately hindered athletes from and elsewhere in said a social policy analyst and marathon coach from He had coached another runner born in named Now a gained widespread attention in 2011 when he ostensibly set eight world records at a track meet in and became the first centenarian to complete a marathon. Yet now said to be also lacked a birth certificate. He could not convince masters officials or World Records of his age. None of his achievements have been certified as records. in the third world are at a disadvantage for being taken said his Masters officials vigorously denied bias in the way they treated athletes or apportioned records. They were simply trying to be fair to said Sandy an who is the chief record keeper for World Masters Athletics. This was not considered a trivial matter for competitions and world given that age groups were divided into increments. A runner the 70-74 category could have a considerable advantage over someone in the 80-84 category. For four officials they had patiently requested that Pal provide reliable evidence to verify his birth school military baptismal medical school records of his children. have absolutely nothing to prove how old he really said. could be he could be 100. We Through the had not been consistent in listing his age at officials said. One said that he registered for this world masters championship as a not a But he was given the benefit of the and his entry was with an asterisk. If he traveled to would be allowed to compete in the category. Any record that he set would not be but any medal that he won would be awarded. A duplicate medal would be given to any competitor he beat. Everyone age in that group had been verified. There were mixed feelings among meet officials. might distract news media attention from all other competitors. whatever his his presence would promote healthy living. And he might also draw bigger crowds. People could decide for themselves how old he appeared. Tall and wearing a turban and a was said by officials who had seen him run to possess a fluid stride and a great sense of theater. Before he sometimes went into the grandstand to be photographed. And he pulled out his cellphone to speak to or to pretend to speak to someone. he runs the he spends five minutes of the secretary of World Masters said with a chuckle. on. At that who does the president of World Masters said for hoped that showed up. like the old said. a really lovely man. he probably really has no idea how old he to be quite Pal arrived for an interview in New carrying his own traveling bag and a handbag. He did not wear glasses or use a walking stick. For two or three hours in the company of a he appeared alert and comprehending. His passport said his birthday was 1897. The same date appeared on his election voting card and his permanent account a code used for taxes. These are all valid government documents but not the primary documents to certify age. said he did not have a birth certificate. He said he was illiterate and did not have a school either. His mother provided a which became the basis of his he but he was not carrying it with him. His eldest born in was also illiterate and lacked a birth certificate and a school said. He also said that none of his contemporaries in his village were still alive. carried two more documents. One listed him as the finisher at 200 meters for sprinters 100 and over at the 2014 Masters Athletics Championships. The other document was perhaps more significant. It was an age dated May and stamped and issued by the chief medical officer of the district in the state of had not provided any documentary evidence to substantiate his the certificate said. But based on general appearance and taken at P. L. Hospital appeared to be It was unclear how credible the certificate was. But it was signed by the chief government doctor in the region where lived. Those who accuse him of inflating his age jealous of my my my speaking say I do not look like he said. I walk with a stick and with a bent then I would look like Without a with a straight I look like to My good health has become my Age fraud was uncommon at the world masters championships because there was not much incentive beyond a medal and a said Ken Stone of La the founder and editor of and a watchdog over running. much more common to find evidence of doping than to find evidence of age Stone said. within the niche there had been a small number of cases of masters athletes who performed remarkable feats but could not satisfactorily prove their age to record keepers. An ostentatious Stone had occurred at the 2011 world meet in A named finished 14th in the long jump in the 45-49 age group. Then he borrowed a bib and entered the 50-54 age furtively seeking a better result against older only to be disqualified. an who represented at the 1988 appeared in 2010 to become the first to run faster than 50 seconds in the 400 meters. But his mark was never masters officials because of conflicting documents that suggested he might have been 39 or 40 at the time instead of 50. In a dispute arose about which of two both said to be had become the fastest sprinter at 100 meters. World Records sided with of Japan. World Masters Athletics sided with of At the officials also wrestled with the case of an man named His father was said to have altered his birth making him appear younger so that he could be eligible for food rations after World War II. But the story could not be said a who is president of Masters Athletics. was later penalized for age falsification. wrote a plaintive letter about the uncertainty that officials faced with some of the most elderly Was a birth certificate valid if the original no longer What should be done about athletes born during the First or Second World when many records were How could a birth date be proved when a government was not able to verify a birth on a particular Or when a country did not issue birth These were questions without clear wrote to Stone last you see it makes it difficult for all statisticians in the world to find The situation may be further complicated by the refugee crisis in as people flee countries like and often without as they seek a new masters officials said. The issue of older athletes of indeterminate age was so much but I say it was said the secretary of World Masters Athletics. been able to sort something there have been numerous reasons people made inaccurate or unsubstantiated claims to extreme according to the Medical Center expert on aging. The fountain of youth and myths appealed to personal vanity. The Soviet Union asserted that people supposedly living into their or in the the birthplace of proved the superiority of communism. Some yogis in claimed to be 200 or drawing followers to their religious beliefs. A person claiming to be of extreme age could also draw great attention and could be a source of pride and reverence for a a a country. Not all told deliberate and colleagues wrote in a 2010 study. Some who purported to be 110 or older were convinced of their having been told so by the study said. Or they had forgotten as they grew older an intentional or erroneous change in their birth date from a long time a sociologist who has done field work in said older people tend to relate their ages to historical or other events in the past. the they have a tendency to orchestrate their age as it suits said a professor emeritus at University in New is always relative and rarely Pal said that his long life had nothing to do with fabricating his age. His secret was herbal chutney and seasonal fruit that ripened in sunshine. He avoided fried even tea and coffee. make you empty from he said. He grew sugar cane and slept on a hard bed to keep his back straight and awakened at 4 in the morning after retiring at 11 He began running while herding cows when he was a teenager. Even now he tried to run four to five kilometers a day. may compete until said. He said he had been inspired by supposedly the first centenarian to complete a marathon. He had seen him on television and read about him in newspapers. he have broken all of his His was between 90 and 95. He had three four daughters and 21 though one of his suggestions for good besides was to late and produce no more than two He was not competing for his own Pal said. am trying to increase the pride of my he said. body is dedicated to my At hours before he was to run the John dressed in a track suit and shuffled a couple of laps in his backyard. A retired he had built a small earthen track years ago amid the bottle brush trees and geraniums. Sixty laps equaled a mile. He had used the track when recovering from injury or when his was sick. With his poor he did not have to worry about getting lost or being hit by a car. if Alma needed he was right there. He mowed his yard and spread grass clippings on the sandy soil to make it spongy for his thick legs. Alma had died four years ago after struggling with arthritis and liver cancer. John quit running in 2005 to take care of her. She had let him compete all over the he and he wanted to her see I thought more of her than my Into his had kept a rigorous training schedule. If it he rode an exercise bike in the backyard shed until the weather cleared. he headed into the bush to run in soft using a power line overhead to keep him from straying off course. Sometimes he markings on the road. Like Pal he avoided tobacco and alcohol. His comeback for the world masters championships seemed a natural curtain call for a brilliant career. was his adopted hometown. But he had not been able to train as fully as he saying he had been slowed by prostate a bladder infection and a chest infection. He fretted about a bag that would protrude below his running shorts. had tried to run two or three kilometers each waking early and circling the perimeter of his brick home. Each lap was precisely 80 meters. age always had said in his kitchen the previous displaying various medications and supplements he had been taking. shocking. No matter how hard you it beats He had the stamina to keep but speed eluded him as if it were a baton he could not grasp in a relay. seize said. you lose your you fall over. If you how do you get But his as a prisoner of war and as a had been give Eight hundred meters on the track would equal 10 laps around his house. least going to he said. just hope I embarrass Four runners were scheduled in the 95-99 age group. was particularly concerned about a fellow and a former professional runner. Carbon had not run in 50 years but was also tempted out of retirement by the world masters championships. The night before the had felt a bit restless. He had struggled to get to worried about of all things. too let him he had said of Carbon. a young As arrived at the he said he felt a bit nervous. He wore a green and gold the colors of It was a perfect spring a bit of chill in the shade. He had worried needlessly. Carbon withdrew from the 800 to concentrate on the sprints. Two other runners in the 95-99 age group also citing injury and illness. So two age groups were combined. was paired with a trim who wore a black bathing suit decorated with soccer balls and the logo of the 1990 World Cup in with a spoke and told vivid stories complete with sound effects. He said he had been a wood cutter who fought in in World War II. He hugged volunteers and drank brown liquid from a water bottle. he was asked. he said. Before the the two men shook hands. bowed. He seemed keeping his legs wide and stiff as if running on stilts. But his form was overcome by determination and stamina. had already won the race. he took the lead. Because the men were in different age each would receive a gold medal if he crossed the finish line. persisted with a style. He had not been on a track in more than a decade and was no longer accustomed to the long straightaways. Wind gusted in his face along the backstretch. As both men headed toward the the small crowd began clapping and rose to its feet. the race is not athletics. This is more an example of the human crossed first in 8 minutes 59.53 seconds. finished in A small smile creased his face. Each runner sat in a chair and had a cup of water. really pleased that I managed to said. Gold medals were placed around the necks in separate ceremonies. Each stood atop the podium as his national anthem was played. told She and her Sue a marathoner at the 1996 had been coached by brought her two children to watch him run and gave him a kiss on the cheek. was standing on their said. on a longtime touched on the shoulder and people are out there. They want to see Two more races remained on but there would be no meeting with Pal in the 400. The runner did not show up for the 100. He said by telephone that he had received travel money from supporters but had not received an official entry card for the meet. So he could not obtain a visa. There were no official entry officials said. Was this an excuse by A The mystery deepened. have any regrets for said. I regret that my going to would have increased the pride of There was other bad news. a or civil in the district where Pal said that the authorities had received a complaint about him last year. It was related to an award he was to receive and whether he was eligible. found his claim about his age as said. A school transfer certificate had been found. Based on the he Pal was or And he was not illiterate. The age was corrected on election but he continued to use an old card hide his the civil servant said. This seemed to verify something a reporter had noticed earlier. said he was illiterate but he could clearly read signs on the New metro rail system and emails on his mobile phone. love to know just what age the man the president of World Masters said. from 80 years and he would be without a ran so well that he would probably still be competing in 10 predicted. Sandy the chief record laughed. make him said.

The suburban home studio of the artist widely considered a pioneer of Op Art and Kinetic is a circus of sometimes anarchic delights. In one of a series of rooms surrounding an overgrown the motorized come to life when a switch is and their rotating arms and reflective metal ribbons refract light into patterns on the wall. mirrored sculptures from his series produce disorienting optical illusions as a viewer moves around while the installations in yet another room create effects of shifting color. have never really been viewed as an said who communicates exclusively in and create different experiences and I do about form and space and light. What I do is very different from an artist who wants to create his artworks as unique Based in since is one of foremost proponents of Kinetic which he discovered while a student at the in through the work of the artist Victor Although won the Golden Lion award in painting at the 1966 and has had exhibitions in major institutions around the including Serpentine Gallery in and the in he is little known to audiences. That is changing this month with New gallery shows at and followed by his solo museum exhibition in the United starting at the Art Museum or The Into has been organized to coincide with Art and includes over 100 artworks spanning 60 years. the show is a set of experiences that follow one said in an interview at his wearing a blue lab coat and scrub pants on a in an ensemble of and experimentations for the visitor to The curator of the show in has written extensively on emphasizing the importance of his often overlooked contributions to art history. Other experts in his work echo her and say the new attention in North to his work is reflective of an increasing openness to global cultures. is having a real the director of the Museum and Sculpture Garden in which has several of his works in its said in an email. part of the current of art history to include voices other than the two or three we find in historical The son of a train was born in the city of As a he he was fascinated by the way things breaking open his toy cars to inspect their gears and even making toys from strips of iron and cans. While at art school in the he was intrigued by the participatory possibilities of Op Art and Kinetic then nascent movements in and a 1958 grant from the Cultural Service brought him to where he immediately made connections with other artists including and Along with fellow members of the collective he founded there in Arts Research took to the streets with public subversive games and politically charged questionnaires and all intended to engage spectators. His Op and Kinetic which he began to develop in the took on a similarly political dimension by appealing to viewers to interact with thus calling the individual to action. was working along with many of the other Kinetic artists in at that and he believed in art for the people and for the public Ms. said in a telephone interview from New wanted to make work that encouraged people to pay attention to their immediate and then in turn to pay attention to the larger social and political world around Despite the playfulness and material simplicity of she he has always had a seeking ultimately to the artistic rather than define his practice by a single style or describes it as a series of continuing or that frame art as a social playing down the notion of the individual creator. influence can be seen in the socially engaged work of artists as diverse as and Gad of Serpentine who organized show there in 2014 and wrote the accompanying said by email that the work was relevant as it to a turbulent world where the lights of his installations become a metaphor for the fireworks of activism and unstable contexts of our current Still active in his regularly revisits his and occasionally or enlarges certain pieces. Although he does not use preferring to make sketches and then experiment with he is a Ms. said. balked at showing work in that is not at its highest level of so every mirror piece has to be just as reflective as it was in she explaining that insists on replacing any materials that have dulled with time. The show at is organized by beginning with geometric and color studies from 1958. It will also include more recent such as the gargantuan a glistening ball made of red plastic squares hung individually from the ceiling. One room will be devoted to the interactive games began developing around many of which evoke arcade or carnival amusements. Strolling around his pointed to a work from Resembling a modular it spanned the length of the wall with 11 each one featuring a different arrangement of motors and materials. ahead and play with he indicating a console with numerous buttons. Each button activated the contents of a single which vibrated or rotated in place to create an improvised score of sound and movement. all make different said. might see one thing in but every person has permission to see whatever they

W. had a mission for his trusted chief of Randy M. Get out of Fisher Hall in Center. It was and the leader of the Liberation had turned up with an entourage for a peace concert celebrating the 50th anniversary of the United Nations. So had a thousand other leaders and officials from around the world. But a Republican then in the second year of his eight as mayor of New had decided that whom he deemed a would not be welcome. delivered the message to and at some the group departed. now in private legal has not lost his ability to take on seemingly impossible assignments over the He led an investigation in 2014 he exonerated Gov. of any involvement in the Bridge traffic as the report on the matter was among the labors for which the taxpayers of New Jersey paid firm million. So The final movement of that 1995 evening was not to but a headline in The New Post about how had told off left elected office at the end of 2001 he sought a extension of his term on the grounds that the city needed him as mayor to oversee the recovery from the Sept. 11 attacks then ran in the 2008 Republican presidential primaries. He took home a single delegate. Over the last year he found in the candidacy of J. a just the right dose of smelling salts to revive a public life that had long wilted. almost argued cause and maintained that his the Democratic had acted criminally in her use of a private email although a federal investigation had found otherwise. It is no surprise that Trump would want to reward but in a startling the former mayor is on a very short list of people to be secretary of state. Had anyone ever described as he might have taken it as an insult. has said that much of his success as mayor arose from his willingness to take extreme positions by the standards of New political culture in the That same temperament no matter how titrated and calculated he may believe it to have been got him into any number of fights that ended up hurting people and costing the city money to get out of lawsuits that accused the mayor and his aides of personal retaliation. When a limousine driver criticized a trap set up by the police in the was infuriated. He waved police documents at a news conference and wrongly said that the man had been convicted of a serious sexual assault. An advocacy and housing organization for people with AIDS lost its city contract after criticizing others who claimed retaliation by or his aides included a jail warden who supported a political opponent of the mayor and a police officer who publicly criticized what she saw as recklessness in certain tactics. After left the city paid about million to settle lawsuits in these cases. The the city were not admissions of wrongdoing by On the global Mayor frequently used the United Nations as a chew toy. That played well with many New Yorkers fed up with privileges enjoyed by diplomats and consular employees. they ignored parking summonses. won cheers when he said the United Nations was like the worst kind of He suggested that the body could leave but later explained that he was just trying to push the United Nations and the State Department into taking more responsibility for the scofflaws. In his 2008 cited his 1995 confrontation with as evidence of his muscular approach. Not everyone saw it that including a United Nations official who was backstage with when he learned about presence. claimed that as his qualification to be a leader Ms. said. have to call it a like a red in the face. I simply cannot imagine him being in the most visible diplomatic secretary of state. People should know in advance what And proud of it.

A court decision to require the sale of the profitable language translation has employees howling. They fear their employer will be pushed into the hands of a private equity buyer who would cut jobs. But the real fault lies with the owners who seem to be acting like spoiled wreaking havoc on the company they founded. and R. founded in their dorm room when they lived together while attending New business school more than two decades ago. The company is owned 50 percent by Ms. and 49 percent by One percent of the company is held by mother to qualify the business as a majority business. Since 1992 the company has blossomed and is now probably worth more than billion. has more than 3,500 and annual revenue has reached nearly million. The which is based in New has become a leading provider of translation services. While has the relationship between Ms. and has as is detailed in the decision. They were briefly engaged in but Ms. broke it off the next year. According to Ms. showed a pattern of terrorizing behavior toward the man she eventually the court said. But Ms. and stayed with the company as executives and Here is where it got complicated. They never did the most basic thing entrepreneurs do when they form a company draft an agreement that details how decisions would be made and what would happen if there was no agreement. In the latter there is typically a a mechanism that allows either party to exit by offering to sell his or her shares to the other at a set price. Ms. and failure to do this most basic thing would haunt them through this day and lead to litigation in multiple states. Without an agreement on how to run the the two were deadlocked. mother voted with not surprisingly. And the mantra that is other clearly applies to The two tried to arrange a working peace by governing separate but as the court opinion there were and by Ms. and where each would hold things up that the other wanted unless he or she got certain things. For when Ms. questioned plans to open an office in sent a number of emails threatening to dismantle the company. YOU TO MAKE ME GO NUCLEAR OVER A office decision is not one you should take You get the idea. In 2012 things got worse. According to the opinion by Chancellor G. of the Court of Ms. and would make decisions for the business but the other would then refuse to allow the decision to proceed unless he or she got something else. Ms. hired lawyers to advise and secretly hacked her emails to read them. The court has sanctioned him for it. The bickering escalated. In after an argument in the office. filed a complaint with the police against Ms. accusing her of battery and describing her as his former something that would ensure an arrest. The charges were but filed a tort case that according to the court. The court said employees made a because of the arbitrary occurring. With all the litigation was inevitable. The strategy of each party appears to be to buy out the other. But in where is there is a special provision of the law to appoint a custodian of the business if there is deadlock. The Chancellor found that the deadlock in the case met that standard. But he also found that the and utter should not justify keeping the parties in place with the business run by a custodian. This would require Ms. the most likely to sell her shares at a discount since he rational person would want to step into shoes to partner with someone willing to constant and the to get his appointing a tiebreaker director would be inappropriate because both parties were relatively young. Chancellor ordered the company sold and the proceeds split among the partners. The reaction has been heated. has appealed. A group of employees that says it represents both the and forces also has started a campaign to get the decision overturned. The employees have formed for arguing that the decision is unprecedented because is a very profitable and successful business and that a sale would cause turmoil. the leader of the predicted that half the employees would be fired if a private equity firm took over. But change is and the business may or may not prosper under a new owner. The group has also submitted to newspapers and proposed an amendment to law. One employee has sued Chancellor in New federal court claiming the decision silenced his right to speak against the sale. The Citizens for is trying to frame this as an issue of a court interfering with a and has even persuaded W. to side with it. The group has clearly gotten under the skin of the judges. Vice Chancellor also of the Chancery it is utter fabrication and ridiculous He you have here is someone outside the judicial to influence supposed to be a disinterested court But be real. The founders decided to incorporate in and judge here is applying the law. Given the childish behavior of both he is on good grounds. It seems highly unlikely that the higher court will overturn this. The legal fees would be much better spent counseling traumatized employees or going to charity. The founders chose to not settle their arrangements upfront and then bullied each other and employees in a vicious power struggle. I like to say in my classroom that a business is like a marriage where you your arrangements through a prenuptial agreement. This is one that has become an ugly divorce where not about me winning but you losing. The aggrieved employees of should not blame the judge but instead the founders who seem to have succeeded despite themselves. It is really their fault and a problem they can easily fix by behaving. There is a lesson here for too. Remember that like a get your affairs in order when you start a or you might pay.

or The valet asks the question eyes not quite meeting those of the contemplative man standing before him. Frank Ocean has been staying at this secluded hotel here for a while long enough that when the valet spies him coming down the front he knows the routine. On this the the Model X with the rear doors. the dash looks like the helm of a with a center console map display bigger than an once on the Ocean never consults. been more than a year since had a steady home most of his beloved cars are in storage. He moves from city to hotel to hotel. In a couple of be in New looking for an apartment. A day after turn 29. Four years he released a supremely confident deconstruction of contemporary and announced that his first love had been with a man. In the subsequent he was nominated for six performed at the ceremony and toured the world. And he was gone not quite a full but something like it. What had appeared to be the beginning of a stunning ascent instead curled into a question mark. this past Ocean and with a bounty a visual album streaming followed by another digital complemented by a glossy Boys distributed at shops in four cities. But apart from a lighthearted note and a couple of photos posted on his Ocean speak publicly. Having emerged from the ether with Ocean returned to it his mystery intact. Not that you would be able to sense the swirl of curiosity that surrounds him by his demeanor. During conversations over two days last month edited excerpts are below he was preternaturally consistently reflexively and wryly funny. This has been the case for years. It made him something of an when he emerged as part of the Odd Future and an still when he catapulted into top a group of people not much given to pensive remove. Over the past three his absence from the pop troposphere a void interrupted only by the occasional post or paparazzi shot has felt like a position statement against celebrity while simultaneously guaranteeing that by fervent would grow even wider. His exile began in earnest in 2013. He was living in a apartment high over Sunset and with a panoramic view of South But the city was choking People had stolen money from there were sorts of things going on in the and he grew concerned about the management of his affairs. started to weigh on me that I was responsible for the moves that had made me but I reaping the share of the and that was problematic for me. in the midst of all of this feeling of he added. my there was a lot of places I thought I could turn that I felt like I turn to So he hopping a plane to a city where he barely knew with only a duffel bag full of clothes and a backpack carrying the precious hard drives holding all of his music. a fine line between a sane escape and running away. Did you feel you were on one side or the other of I never thought about it like that. I always thought about it if your house is on you need to get out of the house. Did you feel that certain things in your career also gone the way you would have Certain moments were drawbacks for sure. Now I look at things but at the yeah. Audiences in excess of five million people national I was always reluctant to do those things except in cases where they had this nostalgic significance to me. Like performing at the being tapped to perform at the me saying yes to those things had a lot to do with how those things made me feel before I was actually in the business. And just wanting to be rubbing shoulders with those people and being seen at those places. I still was reluctant and sort of skeptical of those things because I questioned whether or not I was prepared. I feel like the public knock on you is that you want to be or you want to be in some kind of retreat from the spotlight. Sometimes fascinated with how famous my work could be while not so famous. of the fact that Daft Punk can wear robot helmets and be one of the most famous bands in the while also understanding that will never be my situation. too late. hard to articulate how I think about myself as a public figure. gotten used to being Frank Ocean. A lot of people stopped me on the street when I put music out in a literally would yell out of an where the Has dating been difficult for you in this period of increased I think normal would be the whatever that word which is usually nothing. in a very different place than I was four or five years ago with all that stuff. Different in my relationship with which means everything. shame or you crisis. Have you been in love since since Not the lasting kind. Control is often at the forefront of mind. When he was on his concerts would be recorded each and he would watch the type up notes and email them to his team to prepare for a morning meeting. When and were being he carried the hard drives with his music in his and the rather the plane goes down in flames and the drives go down with me than somebody put out a weird posthumous When he answers he takes meaningful mulling over before answering in expansive stories paired with precise bursts of logic. After bouncing around hotels in he moved into a furnished apartment that he eventually stripped bare of all but the just wanted to be able to walk around and not run into an end table or some useless piece of He rode electric bikes around the made new friends is not as difficult as celebrities make it went on dates. He recorded in a handful of including Abbey where he asked for the to be removing furniture and bringing in flower arrangements. Piece by the music that would become and was coming though up until it had been slow going. begun recording at Electric Lady in New but after he took a pause away from the the rhythm of writing was gone. had block for almost a he said. During that he would go to the at the monitors and come up with or nothing that I That dry spell broke only after he reconnected with a childhood friend from New who was going through difficult times. That he me feel as though I should talk about the way I grew up He decided that he wanted and to be more autobiographical than his earlier releases. wrote in two he said. end product always that depiction of the real struggle that So he turned and telling stories about his family and romantic relationships some like on care for he cares for good some like on grown up on the same was written about someone who I was actually in a relationship who an unrequited he said. was it was just we really relate. We really on the same In like on he manipulated his voice to sound to better capture the time he was evoking. Many of the new songs have two or three competing narratives different points of view participating in the same story. was my version of collage or he said. we experience memory not linear. not telling the stories to we know the just seeing it in flashes On you used a lot of different voices. Sometimes I felt like you hearing enough versions of me within a there was a lot of hyperactive thinking. Even though the pace of the not the pace of ideas being thrown out is. Are they always multiple points of or are they multiple Franks interrupting each other to be the same thing to me because my point of view from one emotional state to another is a different point of view. Sometimes I want to talk on a song and be because I am angry. Then always a part of me that remembers that this record lives past my being and so do I really want to be angry about Is that feeling going to have Were you working toward a fixed idea on these Or was it mutating and evolving as you When I was making the there was 50 versions of I have a little and he heard one of the and gotta put that one the And I was not the because it give me peace yet. You were reaching for something just just melodies. I know what combination of those objects is gonna make me feel how I need to feel. But I know precisely the feeling that needs to happen. At the same time he was chasing a he was trying to regain control of his business relationships. He replaced his team new new new publicist. And he began negotiations to free himself from his contract with Def the label that had signed him in 2009 and effectively shelved him until his debut caused a stir in 2011. chess is how he described the process of buying himself out of his contract and purchasing back all of his master recordings using his own he said. As a condition of the he Def Jam took on distribution of his next which is available only as a streaming video album on Apple Music. less than two days came a big released independently by Ocean. Music paid to host the premiere of but Ocean said there was no ongoing relationship with This was an album wholly his own that took center debuted atop the Billboard album chart with the opening week of the behind only Drake and When releasing and he took his know that once out so not really tripping on how long He described his mood after the release of as Rather than going on a promotional playing radio festivals and making the usual he spent about a month just around. You solved some rather intractable business issues. You the cast of professionals who work on your career. Were those your main With this record in I wanted to feel like I won before the record came and I and so it took a lot pressure off of me about how the record even would perform after the fact. Once the goal is everything else is lagniappe. not essential for me to have a big debut not essential for me to have big radio records. What about the data the the I know exactly what the numbers are. I need to know. I need to know how many records how many album equivalents from which territories are playing my music more than because it helps me in conversations about where gonna be playing or where I might open a retail like a store or something. Do you feel like the numbers are commensurate with what you thought they would or should we doubled first week. always gonna be could have done a little bit I guess a satisfaction that comes with looking at numbers like and No of Master of equity on my record. And there have been too. In Ocean won two and he has been nominated but come he will not win because he chose not to submit his music for consideration. institution certainly has nostalgic he said. just seem to be representing very well for people who come from where I come and hold down what I hold He noted that since he was just a few black artists have won album of the including Quincy and Ray Though Ocean said the reached out to his he never spoke with them directly before making his decision. think the infrastructure of the awarding system and the nomination system and screening system is he said. rather this be my moment for the than sit there in the This willingness to remove himself from a situation not designed for him to thrive in is perhaps greatest gift. His backbone is firm. Though he still publishes emotional decrees on from time to time his note on the death of Prince was he largely avoids social media. His Twitter is gone. Usually a handful of trusted friends or family members make him aware of things he might need or want to know. was his agent who told him about recent speech on his He is as much as artist what he does may be less important than what he chooses not to do. And moving what he may choose not to do is release an album without a visual or even release something album length at all. not in a record I have to operate in an album he said. can operate in Or he might devote less time to music. believe that one of the best in the world at what I and all ever wanted to he said. more interesting for me to figure out how to be superior in areas where where a A few weeks he was flying back from with his mother after a White House state where he had been one of President guests. Ocean told her how been poking around the visual arts degree offerings at the New thinking about what it would take to begin to learn and refine a new craft. you have time to do she told him. And he laughing now. After a long the is parked behind an anonymous recording where about to go work on new music. trying to flex up on my he said. it was personal service announcement to to just be like look at your you have the luxury of Now finished back in control. has always been my life and no one he how always been since the day I came in

The founder of a brand of toilets called Trump said he had no intention of soiling the name of next president. the said he had not heard of J. Trump when he registered the name of his Trump Industrial Company as a trademark in 2002. In the company name means he highlighting how the toilet seats warm and wash the backside. That he also sounds a little like really know of this person called said in a telephone interview from the southern city of was entirely a In the United name has adorned water and other products. In it is found on even leather goods. The Many such products have the permission. Of the 46 registered trademarks under the Trump name in 29 appear to be owned by based on data with the trademark office. At least 14 companies not associated with Trump applied for the Trump trademark in 2015 and 2016 according to a commercial trademark website. The situation highlights the difficulties that big brands and celebrities face as they navigate the relatively new trademark laws. In trademarks are generally awarded to those who are first to file with the government. That has given rise to a crush of people registering the names of in a practice known as Many Western companies like Apple and have been caught up in long legal battles to win the right to use their names in China. In a company won the right to sell its leather goods under the trademark after years of legal wrangling with Apple. lost the rights to the name he is known by in China. New Balance paid million in damages for what a court said was the illegal use of the name for the which a person had trademarked. very difficult to prove bad said a lawyer with in who specializes in intellectual property law. very hard to prove that your name is well known at the time that the application is Trump has fought at least once to get his name back. In he lost a legal battle against a businessman in the northern province of Dong to prevent him from using the Trump name for a construction according to a website run by Supreme Court. Then the decision was reversed. A notice issued on trademark office website on said that trademark had been granted preliminary approval for use in construction services. The Wall Street Journal reported the decision on general counsel of the Trump did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. Trump the first world leader wrapped up in a name dispute in China. In the government officials were not favorably inclined when a businessman tried to register the name of former President W. Bush for a brand of disposable diapers. The officials said the application was likely to be rejected it may bring about bad social impact if a name is registered as a according to state media. of the toilet maker said he had not received a challenge from Trump or his company. he he give up his trademark if Trump decides to sue. is his said. we will let the government make its judgment. We believe the laws will protect businesses like said he approved of style and spirit of He also liked When asked about the criticism directed toward Trump in the United countries are like that. I think a transformation is not bad at

description of business partners as his in an interview published by on drew an angry response from who took offense at the racial connotation of the word. The dispute between the and who plays for the Cavaliers and is one of the most visible also left forward in the uncomfortable position of having to answer questions about a sudden feud involving one of his bosses and one of his good friends. The interview was a Q. and A. in which talked about the state of the the criticism of his management of the and his relationship with But took exception with description of the group of friends who travel and work with him as his and Maverick his close friend and business both took offense at use of the word. Carter told he was bothered because of the idea that said it because and his friends are and he can use that said he had lost respect for as a result of the comments. see the success that we but then there is always someone that lets you know how far we still have to go as told reporters in believe that would have used that term if he was doing business with someone else and working with another team or if he was working with anybody in sports that was owning a team that and had a group of guys around them that agree with what they did. I think he would have called them a posse. But it just shows how far we have to go. But it stop us from doing what we need to do as a Carter and two other high school Rich and Randy founded Management Company a decade ago. The agency handles marketing and representation duties for and other players. The company has been successful since its positioning as one of the top of his generation. In the responding to a question about decision to leave the and whether he could imagine Magic leaving Pat and the or leaving and the turned his response back around to was playing with the they went to and he wanted to spend the told do overnights. Teams just So now a reference to the Heat to text and do I do in this And who has are on the you are with this You hold up the whole team because you and your mom and your posse want to spend an extra night in did not respond to remarks he left practice without speaking to members of the news media and did not respond to an email. While posse is defined as a group of friends or a professor of and studies at said he could understand why took offense. The cultural definition of the word has shifted toward defining drug cartels in cultural the group of that surround a celebrity. talking about is a rhetorical and one of the things interesting about rhetoric is sort of the study of who can say what to whom and under what conditions or can say what whom and under what said. word in and of itself is never neutral. It never means the same in all And when the word is used as by instead of in a private its connotation said. you have an official or executive that uses that language that makes its way into mainstream it has a different he added. shifts depending on With it left a close friend of to answer questions about the subject. agreed that he considered a loaded and he said that he would not want his group of friends or family to be referred that way. But declined to ascribe any assumptions or intent to I think he meant it any kind of said. really know. I think he did. I would hope that he just says things and he says the first thing that comes to mind and then probably is in his office right now regretting it. I know. When it comes to you just never know going to be coming out. It depends on listening. People take it the right way or people take it the wrong way. You just never know when it comes to just understand him talking about right in I understand

For a job at one of two major came with an unusual free beer for life. But the retirees have been cut off. In a memo to the which is owned by the beer giant said it would gradually turn off the beer tap over the next two years. been I since the breweries have been the president of the Service Employees International Union local that represents workers at brewery in said this week. He predicted that the loss of the bottomless keg would further undermine morale. certainly not the way it was in the when there was fanatical devotion to the brand and the said who is also chairman of the Brewery an alliance of unions. just a The controlling shareholders of a multinational company based in are a private equity and some of its executives. Starting with a took over breweries big and including in the United to become the biggest beer owner of brands including and Ultra. As with all of its began extensive cost cutting at which it acquired in including lower wages and reduced benefits. The end of beer for announced in late appears to be its most recent measure. a spokesman for said in an email that the company made the to cut off its retirees after looking at the retirement benefits offered by other breweries and consumer packaged goods companies. of the companies we surveyed offered free product to he said. Routine free beer for retirees was ended at other large several years ago. But a spokesman for the said it still provided beer to pensioners are hosting a special like a family How much free beer retirees can lug home each year depends on where they although it easily exceeds the 99 bottles of musical fame. At the plant in which slakes all of thirst for Blue and said retirees were getting about eight cases what sometimes call a a year. Current by get a free case every other week and bonus cases at apparently in lieu of a and for Day. Their free beer will continue as long as they are employees. Retirees in get a free case every week. In most of the the retirees are given gift cards which allow them to pick up their free beer at retail stores. Why free beer became an entrenched perk of brewery work is unclear. said its labor agreements did not require it to keep refrigerators filled. said the brewery in once included an pub where employees drank for free after their shifts ended. a said the program for retirees now being wound down was introduced during the In its letter announcing the cited the overall of retiree including health care. a bit said a retiree from who was involved in a lawsuit after cut health benefits. who was an executive vice president and general counsel at said the settlement of that lawsuit reduced the costs while lowering health benefits to former employees. said the end of free beer for life was not a surprise. But he is still disappointed. a loss to a class of former said means material to

From the the central enigma was J. Trump. How did this celebrity tycoon with no political experience get so Who were the supporting him and When I started my unusual assignment of covering the presidential campaign from the perspective of a foreign correspondent for an news organization one of the first things I did was to invite questions from international readers. The bulk of them revolved around whose unorthodox romp through the Republican primaries propelled him to the nomination and ultimately to the presidency. Going back through my journey across there were many clues to rising although not all were easy to read. I drank with Trump supporters in bars and casinos. I approached them at rodeos. I chatted with them at gun clubs and diners and roaring political rallies. The broad topography of Trump country in many easy to trace. It is a place of anger and gripped by a feverish sentiment. People wanted change and a chance to raise a throbbing finger to the forces they blame for their lot in life. Yet other factors were at in this unruly factors that sometimes made it hard to see talk social media bubbles and a simmering culture war separating thriving coastal areas and the wounded interior of the country. It always clear which elements were powering the as the movement called and which were being buoyed along. One of my first stops was a decimated coal town in West It had a sports which offered beer for on and a biker bar it was patrons sometimes squealed tires inside until the room filled with smoke. Both were filled with Trump little surprise since he had promised to reopen coal mines shuttered by the environmental regulations and cheap natural gas. In I also saw how message about change was overshadowing other issues that many analysts thought would have disqualified him from winning over the social conservatives who have long been a core Republican constituency. In conversations after church on many glossed over the three marriages and boasts of his battle with sexually transmitted disease. like Trump told Stern in It was hard to but perhaps that was the that a mysterious alchemy was at work in this one in which outrageous might offer a route to success. Around that Apple released its seventh iteration of the that glossy black totem of progress. Inscribed on the back of every are the words in Assembled in As if is a separate country. And how many in Trump country saw it that instead of being part of the they were living in a land that sent jobs overseas. One thing that like many and other had long seen as distinguishing the United States was its restless optimism and innate traded on pessimism. His Great embodied a vision that aimed to restore pride in the military and but also scapegoated minorities and At most of the faces in the crowd were white. People flew Confederate flags. They spoke impatiently about prejudice toward was openly a factory owner in told me that children in which has the largest percentage of had stayed home from school in droves on Sept. 11 because they had secretly received advanced warnings of the attacks. The atmosphere at Trump rallies was permissive. If someone said something offensive or there was little fear of being hushed or contradicted. Yet in another confounding a significant minority of Trump supporters were minorities themselves. I met people who defied neat a black woman in her who worked at a record label in a driver in Las a doorman in At a rally in the final week in a Rust Belt state that would prove central to I saw how the candidate connected with crowd. When he it was if he held an invisible tuning fork held to his listening for the smallest murmur of which he would seize upon and amplify. It reminded me of powerful preachers and populist politicians seen during my years based in What was hard to know was how far the electric energy inside this hall was radiating. Maybe these were just the loyalists. polls suggested that Trump was behind in many places critical to Electoral College victory. Political including dismissed the notion that Trump could win mainly by consolidating the support of white voters. like the hunt for the lost tribes of the was how a consultant who had worked for the 2012 Republican Mitt put it early on. you paddle your canoe far enough up the and bang your drum hard they will come to the riverbank. But just not But when I mentioned the polls showing Trump lagging to his they snorted derisively. Everyone they knew was voting Trump children. Some were former Democrats. Others were people who voted for decades. The they were either asking the wrong questions or were being manipulated by the news media the polls themselves were part of the system these people were trying to overthrow. At the I discounted the conspiratorial talk as a product of the echo chamber that became so powerful in this election. But in broad the Trump supporters were right in key their votes were by pollsters. The winning margin in many like was and the failure of Democrats to mobilize turnout was also a major factor. the driver who took me from a Trump rally to the was a case in he was an a registered and he did not intend to vote. of them look any good to he said. benefited also from the antipathy so many people felt toward his This was another theme in the questions that poured in from international Why did so many seem to hate her so The answer had many Fatigue from her decades in public unfinished business from her time in power in the distaste for how she had handled his sexual outrage over her use of a private email server while secretary of state and her taking in huge sums for speeches to Wall Street unfiltered sexism. And simply did not represent change at a moment when a large portion of the electorate hungered for it. In while I was visiting my one of his friends offered an explanation. like getting socks for again he said. bloody socks. Nobody wants a present like in the found the of white voters. They heard his and voted as a bloc like never before. stunning victory echoes jolting changes in and other countries where a new brand of politics is resurgent. The question of whether it stemmed from a specific constellation of or represented a more fundamental may now be answered under the Trump presidency.

J. Trump will not be sworn in for two more but as of next the big gold letters spelling out his name will be removed from three large apartment buildings on the Upper West Side of tenants were told on Hundreds of tenants at the buildings at 160 and 180 Riverside which contain a total of 1,325 signed a petition to the TRUMP last month after provocative campaign statements had offended immigrants and liberals on the Upper West Side. The between 66th and 69th along Riverside are owned not by Trump but by Equity a publicly traded company based in which bought them in 2005 for million. a had been involved in the development known at various times as Riverside South and Trump Place. Equity Residential kept the name Trump Place on the exterior of the buildings and on their and uniforms. Tenants got a hint that change was afoot in late when doormen told residents that they were being measured for new uniforms that would no longer bear the Trump name. on they received an email from a senior regional manager for Equity. It the Trump Place building names will change to the street addresses 160 and 180 Riverside Boulevard. The purpose of this change is to assume a neutral building identity that appeals to all current and future Asked whether the letters on the buildings had hurt the ability to lease vacant Martin Equity vice president for investor and public have a comment on that. A more neutral identity going forward is the path Equity portfolio consists of about 80,000 apartments in New Southern and coincidentally all areas where the Democratic presidential won a majority. preferred to describe those markets as gateway a resident who started the was elated. Ms. a film and television said. used the power of protest to say that we have to accept the spread of the influence into our very homes. To it feels like a cleansing of the place where I But in an interview on the chairman of Equity tenants had no role in said he and as he called Trump had talked about it a year ago. want anything to happen while the election was going he said. According to Equity entered a of name with the Trump which did not require it to pay Trump to use his name. That contract has now expired. vice president of marketing for the Trump issued a statement saying the change mutually agreed

In the week since J. election as president of the United much has been written about the potential conflicts of interest a sitting president with a global business may encounter other Less has been paid to the even fuzzier situation of the close family members of a sitting and their business interests though on it became clear that this is another potential at least when it comes to the first daughter Trump and a brand that is largely built on her image. A group of including reporters at The New Times and received an email from Trump Fine the upscale brand Ms. Trump founded in entitled and touting Trump wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection on The a bracelet that costs on her was clearly pictured on her wrist during her interview with her stepmother and grown siblings with on night. Such emails are not uncommon among fashion which tend to trumpet every celebrity sighting in their products to the world at large. What was different about this was that it came not from the communications but from the vice president for the person in a brand who would generally work with a wholesale partners Ms. stores such as in and and Son in And that after pointing out the it urged recipients to share this with your In other it used Ms. appearance by her side to directly promote the selling of her products. When the vice said am not available for and when asked if she had sent the hung up the phone. But a day president of the Trump notification was sent by a marketing employee at one of our companies who was following customary and like many of is still making adjustments We are discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going This is not the first time Ms. brands have used her role in her political career for marketing purposes. In Ms. Trump wore a dress from her own collection to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention also wore her own brand shoes and The next her company tweeted out a picture of her from the podium with the words look from her and a link to the where a similar style from the brand was offered. The dress reportedly sold out in a day. At the the decision was met with some even though the stakes were lower. Trump has stated that his children will have no formal roles in his White because they will be running his and there is no law that prohibits presidential relatives from continuing their own though Section 713 of Title 18 of the United States Code forbids the use of likenesses of the presidential seal for promotional purposes. Ms. Trump has not come close to but the appearance is still ethically blurred. Whether or not Ms. Trump knew of the bracelet email before it was her name is still on the top of the alert. In the attempts by relatives to profit from a connection to a such as Billy introduction of Billy Beer during his brother and the creation of Roger during his half brother terms in were roundly deemed inappropriate. The tension between Ms. position on her transition team and her but role as a representative of women and the younger generation in his and the fact that she is her own best ad and her brand is thus understandably using her as a makes the issue even more and it underscores her status in the public eye and the amount of attention she will incur. The question now is how she uses it.

The authorities said on that they had executed a farmer convicted of killing a village official after the demolition of the despite months of public outcry in sympathy with the farmer. The execution of took place in the capital of the northern province of He was sentenced to death last On he was allowed a brief visit with his the state news agency reported. While trial had focused on the brutal nature of the crime he was found guilty of killing the He by shooting him in the back of the head with a nail gun it was the demolition of home that stirred anger among a public that saw it as yet another government snub against the powerless. home was destroyed in May 2013 to make way for a new property development. According to news his father had agreed to the demolition in exchange for compensation and a new apartment promised by local but refused to abide by the agreement. the home was knocked down. Shortly after the planned wedding was canceled by his fiance. Over the following appeals to citing his opposition to the demolition and what he said was insufficient went his family and he snapped. On he fatally shot He. The murder and subsequent trial have been a reminder to many of the consequences of rapid urbanization. The forced demolition of homes has been a leading cause of protests across the country in recent years. Dozens of farmers have set themselves alight in an extreme form of protest against the practice. In a brief telephone interview before the older said her brother was a Forced demolitions have also exposed fault lines in attempts to reform its judicial a topic that has gained traction in recent years amid rising social tensions. with limited education and at the bottom rung of the social often find the judicial system broken and discriminatory. Lawyers and scholars have taken notice. An open letter to Supreme signed by 12 leading legal scholars and lawyers and posted on argued that the sentence glossed over local corruption and contrition for his crime. It called the determination of a and called for life to be spared. The letter said that the lack of a judiciary allowed an to trample on countless incidents of mass petition and violence against law a law professor at University who signed the said in a telephone interview that he was disheartened by the execution. think the Supreme Court had already made up its and to reverse its stance is very hard despite the social a newspaper controlled by the Communist criticized the petition in an opinion piece published the day before the execution. It said that the court must not back down in the face of public anger and dismissed the letter as and detached from reality. Despite official attempts to quell public anger over the the outcry might have some impact on death penalty China researcher at Amnesty said in an email. public got a rare peek into the opaque death penalty he view how hard it is for lawyers to properly defend their gain access to legal documents and and have their arguments taken into intense scrutiny of the decision will most likely force judges to act with greater restraint in the he added.

travel booking sites such as and are for travelers in search of accommodations or deals on packages that include both airfare and a hotel stay. But as sites to book Not so much that until recently. these sites and two new search engines Skylark and are looking to attract consumers seeking luxury getaways by including prestigious hotels in their inventory and selling discounted packages that combine luxe accommodations with or flights. With which is part of the luxury travel network users pay an annual fee to get favorable rates on 700 upscale discounted packages and email and live chat access to a team of about 20 travel agents. want to be a luxury travel agency where our clients can plan their own vacations but also rely on a travel adviser if they need said chief executive and for a member is considering two hotels in the and the they can instant message an adviser to inquire about location and other deciding the advisers can also arrange airport theater tickets and tours. But biggest attraction may be the discounts to 60 percent and perks it offers on upscale air and hotel packages. A recent example is a stay for two at the Mandarin Oriental with flights on Airlines from John F. Airport in New City to Airport. The trip costs for compared with if airfare and hotel were booked separately. And because the Mandarin is a part of members who book this package receive the Virtuoso amenities such as an if space is and breakfast. a free membership is also a Virtuoso with around 1,100 of the 250,000 bookable hotels being Virtuoso properties where clients receive extra said chief marketing One example is the where perks might include a room early and breakfast and airport transfers. and Skylark are coming into the market at an opportune said the travel industry analyst Henry the founder of Atmosphere Research because affluent consumers rely on digital technology for much of their travel planning. But these travelers also use travel and both search engines offer a chance to work with agents. Booking and both around since are also getting into the luxury game. On reservations at properties grew 40 percent from 2015 to compared with the same period a year said a vice president and head of global communications. is pursuing luxury travelers with the premium package business it introduced last year the packages pair flights in business and first class with upscale hotels and sell them to consumers for an average of 20 percent compared with the cost if each were booked separately. is a shrinking price gap between economy and premium cabin and we saw an opportunity to offer discounted packages that bundle these airfares with stays at luxury said a spokeswoman for the company. At any given has at least a few thousand premium packages for sale. A recent at a cost of a was a stay at the Park from 12 to 19 with airfare from New City. Some luxury hotels see an upside to being a part of travel sites. is the chief operating officer for the a group of 10 properties that includes the Plaza in which can be booked on Skylark and the other three search engines. He said that travel sites are a way to bring in more business. get a new set of who may not be familiar with our and sell said. make sense about

The jockeying for power in the incoming administration of J. Trump and on Capitol Hill is exposing frayed nerves and lingering anger but also the seeds of new leadership in both parties. He may not yet have nominated a single cabinet or sent emissaries to the federal or held a news conference as but Trump does have a presidential inaugural committee lined up. And it includes some serious money. The Trump transition named its inaugural committee leadership team on headed by Barrack a private equity titan. Other members include the financier Lewis M. the casino magnate of the largest political donors on the wife of the investor Woody owner of the New the hedge fund manager the businessmen Ray and and the luxury casino tycoon The congratulatory visits keep on coming. second was spotted entering Trump Tower around 4 on She was in the building for nearly 25 minutes and waved to journalists and pedestrians as she left. Trump and Ms. Maples divorced in 1999 and remain on good terms. And speaking of Senator of stopped by as well. Senator John issued a blunt warning on to Trump and his emerging foreign policy try another with President V. of During the Trump described as a strong leader and suggested that the United States and might join forces in fighting the State. congratulated Trump on his election in a phone call on and discussed working together to combat terrorism and resolve the crisis in according to the account. That was too much for the chairman of the Senate Armed Services who cautioned the incoming administration not to be taken in by former last attempt at resetting relations with culminated in invasion of and military intervention in the Middle the newly said in a statement. the very the price of another would be complicity in and butchery of the he added. is an unacceptable price for a great nation. When has been at its it is when we have stood on the side of those fighting tyranny. That is where we must stand the scion of a powerful family of conservative donors and a member of executive transition has had little success in her mission to solicit names and for potential administration according to a person familiar with her outreach efforts. Ms. the daughter of the New investor has told Republican operatives and members of previous administrations that she was having trouble finding takers for posts at the under secretary level and below. She also made it clear that the transition team was more than a month behind schedule and on a tight the person said. The Mercer family has invested tens of millions of dollars in conservative causes and is considered especially close to K. the chairman of campaign who was named as his senior presidential adviser. Mercer reportedly invested million in the news site previously run by campaign also previously oversaw a financed by the Mercer family. Senator Harry of the outgoing minority took to the Senate floor with a slew of stories about bullied racist and to bash his new hobby. election sparked a wave of hate crime across This is a simple statement of said before imploring Democrats to stand as a force against Trump. Representative of was named the chairman of the National Republican Congressional the campaign arm for House succeeding Representative of In a Speaker D. called talented A. who wrote one of the pieces this year that called view of power and influence in the world inconsistent and in said in an interview on that a Trump transition aide had asked him for recommendations for the national security team. But when a former national security official in W. suggested the caveat that many foreign policy hands would enlist only if there were credible people leading national security agencies and he said he received a vituperative email in response. The tone of the email surprised he expressing a level of vengefulness at odds with an administration that is trying to fill important national security positions with qualified people. think of these jobs as said. think on the verge of a crisis With John the former United Nations emerging as a finalist for a senior national security even secretary of Senator Rand Republican of said on that he would do I to block him. Such opposition is improving the stock of W. the former New City to lead the State but is not so sure about him citing ties to foreign on The floating of as one of contenders for secretary of state has baffled members of both because his hawkish foreign policy is so at odds with campaign pitch for less military engagement in the world. That is one area in which one of rivals in the race for the Republican said he agreed with the imagine supporting anyone who learned the lesson of the last 20 said of who was ambassador to the United Nations for W. Bush during the escalation of the war in called the chief executive at Global a consulting was removed from his post overseeing the National Security Council transition after questions emerged about his lobbying ties. According to a former federal government Freedman had been using his Global Impact email to conduct official transition business. The official said that transition members were advised to use only their and that use of a business email was counter to transition policy. Freedman has worked as a security consultant for after a brief career with the federal government working for the National Security Council and the Agency for International Development. He started as a foreign government lobbyist in the when he joined a company then led by former campaign taking up prominent international such as government officials from and and the dictator from the Reached by Freedman declined to comment Vice Mike Pence and Rick a Trump campaign staff member who is close to are going over the transition staffing list to make a concerted effort to clear house of any said one transition who spoke on condition of anonymity. This means others beyond Freedman will likely be purged as well. a business magnate who is close to the tipped his hand on a former financier and hedge fund seems to have an inside track to be Treasury and a billionaire investor and turnaround could be Commerce secretary. national campaign finance does seem to have big plans. Spotted entering Trump Tower on he told working on the economic plan with the making sure we get the biggest tax bill the biggest tax changes since so a lot of exciting things in the first 100 days of the Trump Trump has called for deep tax cuts for people at all income consolidation of tax higher standard tax the elimination of the death tax and lower corporate tax rates. He has also called for ending interest and he has said he wants to end the provision that benefits private equity groups. The estimated cost to the treasury of those plans is more than trillion over 10 years. To put that in W. tax cuts in 2001 the largest in history were a wee trillion over a decade. spent months trying to persuade voters to elect him according to his he does not think he is qualified to run a federal agency in the Trump administration. According to the who is also business Trump offered the retired neurosurgeon a of job options as a reward for being a loyal ally after dropping out of the race for the Republican nomination. tell me whatever you want to it will be recounted. But has no experience running large and did not think it would be a wise move to start in the new administration. had been discussed as a candidate to lead the Department of Health and Human Services or the Department of or to be surgeon general. be like a fish out of said. Amid rising calls for change in Democratic House Democrats decided in a meeting on to postpone their leadership elections until 30. After last bruising there have been rumblings among some Democrats that perhaps a new leader should replace Representative of in the role she has held since 2003. Some members have urged Representative of to and he is considering his office said a former football player from the is in stark contrast with Ms. an affluent scion of a political family long ensconced in one of the most liberal bastions.

The inmates were just starting their day on 6 when dozens of corrections officers burst into their shouting for everyone to get down on the floor. The raid at Correctional outside officials was a surprise search for weapons made urgent after a bloody injury to a guard three days earlier. But over the next two according to officers beat and stomped on each of the more than 30 prisoners present that screaming curses and racial epithets and destroying property. Several men said their ribs were broken by kicks and punches. A prisoner said he was through the wall in his room. Down the a inmate said his nose was broken as a guard repeatedly slammed a metal door into his face. In a whispered interview last month in the visiting room of the a inmate from recalled how an officer knelt beside him as he lay on the floor. The who is serving a sentence for said the officer want to know what it feels like to feel Broccoli said the guard then jammed into his rectum. was bigger than a about the size of those small flashlights they he said. At least two other inmates have claimed they were similarly violated. The prisoners said they were warned to keep quiet and not seek medical otherwise the guards would attack again. But on a week after a Project reporter asked about the the corrections commissioner suspended the two top the superintendent and his pending an inquiry. A spokesman for the New State Department of Corrections and Community Supervision said that its Office of Special Investigations and State Police officers were investigating the dormitory raid and the 3 injury to the prison guard that preceded it. The department not tolerate any wrongdoing that puts the safety of its facilities at and will not hesitate to pursue disciplinary charges or refer cases for criminal prosecution if the spokesman said. Investigators face dueling The union insists the injured officer was the victim of a planned attack by two prisoners affiliated with the Bloods street gang. Inmates cite a different a rickety reclining chair from which the officer gashing his head as the two prisoners rushed to his aid. As in most of the there were no cameras to record the officials said. The a Navy veteran in his who had been a corrections officer for two has been out on medical leave since the records show. He did not respond to emails or return phone calls. Whatever happened to the ensuing assault was a lawyer retained by relatives said. apparent breadth of involvement by correction officers and supervisors at in this barbaric and unjustified use of collective punishment is said the who has filed a notice of intent to sue in the Court of Claims on behalf of 32 inmates. The the New State Correctional Officers Police Benevolent declined to comment. with previous unsubstantiated allegations made by convicted it is more prudent to allow the investigation to be completed so we know all of the said a union spokesman. The allegations of brutality against inmates at are the latest involving New prisons. use of force in we has reached crisis proportions in New the United States attorney in said as he announced charges in against five officers accused of beating an inmate at Downstate Correctional Facility in 2013. His office also investigated the death of an inmate at Correctional Facility last year after a violent clash with although no charges resulted. In March three officers at Correctional Facility pleaded guilty to charges of official misconduct after their unprovoked beating of an inmate who had many bones broken. Jack a director of the Correctional Association of New a nonprofit authorized by the state to monitor said the scale of the alleged attack at was surprising. guards retaliate when an officer is he said. come in and throw property smack people. But to significantly assault large numbers of The guards at the in a rural town along the refused to accept that Officer injury had been an inmates said. chairman of an inmate liaison committee served in the Army during Operation Desert Storm and said he and Officer talked about their military experiences. was easygoing. No one was mad at said who is serving a sentence for drug possession. He said the guard usually sat in a office known as in the day with his legs propped up on the desk as he reclined in a chair. used to joke with him about that said. you are going to fall That Officer made his rounds and then went into the which included a desk and a and was often unsecured. He said he saw the guard back in his chair with a book but his eyes were Moments when he was in his heard a commotion. He ran back to the day room. see two inmates inside the bubble and they are trying to help up off the who was released in August after serving four years for selling said he also witnessed the guard reclining in the chair. even know the book he was a Woods said. just fell He said two inmates entered the office to help Officer were asking him was he and he One of the inmates said he was going to pull an emergency alarm carried by officers to get recalled. In prison it is called the and considered a summons to a major emergency. Officer said but pulled it A news release issued by the union said guards responding to the alarm found Officer unconscious and bleeding. He received eight stitches over his eyebrow. Two inmates who guards believed were responsible for the wound were taken to solitary confinement. Four months no criminal charges have been filed or disciplinary actions taken against those a corrections department spokesman said. The prisoner accused of leading the of has since been moved to another prison. inmates accused of assaulting officers are given lengthy sentences in isolation at prisons. who is serving a sentence for assault and weapons did not respond to a letter asking him to contact a reporter. Two inmates said may have had gang but they noted he was also a member of the inmate liaison committee and appeared to have had a good relationship with Officer Immediately after the guard was corrections officers and prison administrative employees began grilling inmates. As was an officer loomed over threatening to beat him with a ream of copying the inmate said. said he was handcuffed and underwent further interrogation. Officers held him over a stairwell by the waist of his pants. you ever taken an elevator recalled. was terrified. They said I had better tell the right Another said he was taken in handcuffs to a room where a guard stood beside him as he was questioned by an administrative employee. was know who ordered it and we know who did it. You better tell Each time he insisted he did not Broccoli the officer me and bangs my head against the At one Broccoli the guard whispered in his a white guy like you doing the describing them as animals and using a racial slur. Most of the dormitory residents were black or Broccoli while all of the officers involved were white. Broccoli was one of seven men interviewed in prison or after they were released who have provided accounts on the record of what happened three days later. Seven other inmates described the episode in letters to the lawyer. names were redacted in copies provided to a reporter because they did not want to be publicly will never forget that said. made some mistakes. But I have been treated like He said as many as 40 officers raced into the known as House situated in one of a cluster of buildings at which is adjacent to two other large state prisons. came running inside yelling and beating on said. He and three roommates were punched and kicked as officers emptied lockers and tipped them he said. One he look like you need your hair and he dumped my on top of me. Then another cop kicks me in the When the raid was place looked like Hurricane said. were under mattresses they had thrown on top of they had lockers on top of who is serving a term for violating his drug conviction said that when the guards came into the he flung himself on the arms outstretched. could hear the slaps and the and everything getting said. were yelling in He said the first guard who entered his room kicked one of his a man named Tony in the head. him said. When a guard ordered him to who had recently undergone hernia said he struggled to his feet. made it to one knee and he kicked me right where I had the He screamed in he but another guard grabbed him and began banging his head against the wall. was hitting me against the wall so many my head went right through said. For he he had a large knob on his forehead. just ran he said. recalled that as he lay on the floor beside his a guard smashed its metal door into his face many times. He was released on parole last month after serving five years for selling drugs. His mother said she was shocked by his appearance when he came home. face was so messed I was I believe said his who did not want her surname used because she fears official retaliation. did something wrong and he paid his dues. But send him back to me in one piece. You have no right to abuse who is serving three years for grand larceny and said guards kicked him in the chest and the leg as another officer stood on his ankle. who is gay and taking hormones to transition to said officers called him including a gay slur. One officer ground his hormone medications to dust with his he said. Another tore some of his books apart. had this book by Cooper about him and his mother that I was really looking forward to he they just destroyed said most of the officers had removed their name tags. They hurled slurs and curses at the he and other inmates remembered. you like to pick on the See how you like he recalled them saying. were telling the white are a disgrace to the white He said he was kicked in the the ribs and the then beaten with fists. He and other inmates reported that officers sliced electric cords on appliances the inmates had in their including clocks and radios. As the raid wound said he heard guards calling brass is A few minutes he he saw the and his top deputies walking down the hall. Ward and the deputy for were suspended this month. He and another inmate were later ordered to sweep up the he said. got to one room and there were two guards in there urinating on the all over the he said. One of the addressed him. a I said yes. He do you do when someone tries to injure one of your I said my military responsibility would be to hurt him back. He you see why we are doing this. You guys tried to kill one of The prisoners said they were warned not to talk. Phone calls and mail would be monitored. be back to do this all over a prison lieutenant said. word got out. who has since been moved to another said that he was mocked by guards after the episode. They when I walk he said. am so ashamed all the time. questioned my Nelson who is serving five years for selling asked his wife to relay to a reporter how he had also been beaten and sodomized with a metal object by the guards. husband is a big said his think they were trying to take his

So just when we thought that 2016 get any more it with a Trump victory. I told you last week that strange happenings were afoot in the what with the Cubs winning the World Series and all. I hear that New Yorkers are taking it pretty hard. Are people stocking up on canned Greetings from the Land of Duck and Not sure quite sunk in. But foods and subterranean real estate are in demand. and sounds like a hunting club. So where shall we a little weary of the conversations. get right to what do you think will happen Trump will set up an administration. The sun will rise in the east. My dog will chase squirrels. The world will go on. Glad to hear taking it well. He stayed cautiously neutral in the but a very good boy. I think you once made the point to me that there are no permanent victories or defeats in politics. So perhaps a good place to start a conversation about the future. been since I came to at the collective failure to understand that point. It is patently true upon the most cursory inspection of recent history. In Democrats were popping Champagne over the dawn of a permanent era of progressive politics. Now they see most of their dreams being unraveled. And Republicans celebrating today will sooner or later be miserable. I made a Things are looking better already. Both winners and losers who ignore this reality make silly unforced errors. The losers err on the side of excessive like the classic threats to leave the country. Reader email has informed me way harder to leave the country than one might think. We in all that much demand. And the winners fail when they convince themselves that since victory is they can set an agenda that attracts no one from the other side. looking at a President Trump and a House and say we are in for a stretch of dumb things. Presidents generally get most of their big changes done in the first year or two. President did that with health care. His agenda was nothing compared to W. who did everything from tax cuts to getting authorization for the invasion. But was certainly a big lift. It was also a central campaign promise. I know you think it was a bad idea. I think that strategy is enormously shortsighted. I remember thinking when the Democrats held the White House and both houses of Congress in though they have it might be wise to give a little to bring some centrist Republicans into Some day the Republicans might be in a position to reverse everything if they have zero political investment in And sure here we are. My point is that of course a president should have a vision that matches his ideology. why he got elected. But I think it is impractical and imprudent to forgive me for another reference to Is Spinal turn it up to 11. Give on a few things where you have because someday going to need friends to protect the stuff you care about most. The Trump administration might learn from the outgoing horror at seeing some or all of repealed. We part company here. My perception of was of a Democratic Party willing to work on compromise legislation while the Republicans just stalled. There was no unified Republican just a ton of people who wanted to be but kept changing their mind. But the bottom line is that left behind the old Congress. now got guys who sleep in their offices and even talk to the other side at the House gym. Secretly a lot of them are actually but I take your point. And another recommendation I would make to President Make friends everyplace. That was the magic. golf with the same people every week. Since I have no prepared to look on the bright side for a while. The Republican hatred of is so great that even if had gotten elected it would have been really hard to get the necessary fixes through Congress. Trump has promised and as of his interview something better that preserves the most popular parts of the program. So see what he comes up with. I know a big fan. His agenda and agenda really do Congress is set to have a big influence on the agenda over the next and and Trump will figure out how to make their ideas jibe. plan includes a health care replacement plan for It will actually do some of the things liberals really like getting more people covered. I realize that very disappointing for progressives to see but not like it will be replaced by nothing. This is one area where the product usually resemble the recipe. I remember presidential candidate saying all health care negotiations could take place in on Grab your crystal ball and give me a couple of other predictions. seeing a big tax cut and huge spending on infrastructure repair. Followed by a stupendous rise in the national debt. certainly true that neither party has been great at getting the deficit under control in my lifetime. Nobody calls his or her congressman and just do sit Only one side adds to the deficit while simultaneously complaining too big. But move on. obviously cranky. How Any other How about the early The Republican establishment seems to have as White House chief of staff. But is going to be chief strategist. Which could mean anything. To me is the kind of guy Democrats should learn to live with they and going to be a Republican White House. But is a very bad dude who represents all the worst strands of racism and misogyny in the Trump crowd. Who do you think will really have the It looks like both will be influential. After watching the I find pair of appointments too surprising. They signal that in as during his Trump will seek to merge traditional Republican politics with his unconventional brand of populism. And what about It seems now the wall may be a and the deportees will be only criminals. has been trying to deport undocumented immigrants who break the law for years. see where the big switch is. I think given what heard so far. In that Trump said that securing the southern border will probably involve a mixture of wall and and that he plans to limit deportations to illegal immigrants who have committed crimes. Those steps would not require the kind of massive deportation force that some predicted and feared. been thinking a lot about the source of strength rural areas and declining small cities. you always told me that one of our problems is that have stopped moving to where the jobs Apparently right and prefer to stay be angry and elect Trump president. one interpretation. Another is that people simply have the skills for the promising jobs that would require a especially since we stopped teaching vocational and technical skills. So they stay put. I find this the more compelling view. I always prefer the explanation that just boil down a move I have three so I confess to using that approach sometimes. As to how all this affected my colleague Nick published a wonderful book earlier this year called Without It shows the collapse of employment among men over the past 50 years. This got much worse in the wake of the Great Recession and the disappointing most of which yielded no income growth for the entire bottom 80 percent of the income distribution. In other the economic recovery was only really salient for the richest fifth of the population. Important which I plan to reiterate regularly when Trump begins his economic program by reducing taxes for the rich and regulations on the banks. The problem just material especially given the expansion of welfare benefits. the loss of dignity that comes from not creating value through honest work. For neither party has addressed this dignity crisis for men without a college education. an obvious connection here with the explosion of suicide and opiate abuse in rural I think all pretty clear today that a cry of rage from white And Trump was pretty good on the end. But beyond a huge infrastructure repair plan which was actually clearer on I heard a whole lot of solutions. When Trump talked about kicking out illegal immigrants and canceling experts scoffed at the unworkability and undesirability of the specific proposals. But I talked to tons of people supporting Trump who basically know if that stuff will work. But finally a guy who at least is saying try something to bring back someone who cared about them. The bottom line was change versus no change. almost always the way voters decide presidential elections and I am sorry to say that was the candidate. All she promised was more of the administration plus that infrastructure repair. It made sense in many ways. The country has recovered from a stupendous economic collapse under But if not a happy going to convince you by showing you graphs on the unemployment rate. I know this election is really hard for progressives to but a way to understand at least in part. A few years ago I was having lunch with who is president of the Center for Progress and liberal think tank presidents are secretly I asked her to given me a simplest explanation for why some people who never prospered over the past few years nonetheless loved President so much. She gives them I thought that was very and I think a big part of going on today as well with Trump. I like your as far as the emotions goes. As to ability to follow through see how it works out. Especially if the new first move to support the common man is deregulating the banks. I just laughed out loud about that one. But the holidays are and everybody deserves a little bit of a break from 24-7 politics. why God invented football. Obviously we share the same basic theology. be taking a conversational too. But while being thankful on be counting our talks as one of my blessings. Me Happy Thanksgiving.

President V. of and J. Trump spoke by telephone for the first time on agreeing to review what both consider the poor state of relations between the two according to a statement from the The two agreed the absolutely unsatisfactory state of bilateral said the and they both endorsed the idea of undertaking joint efforts normalize relations and pursue constructive cooperation on the broadest possible range of The issues discussed included trade and economic ties as well as combating terrorism. was one of the first world leaders to congratulate Trump last sending him a telegram about an hour after he had emerged the but the two men have not met nor had they spoken previously. repeated the congratulations over the phone. The president said he hoped that could build a with on the bases of mutual respect and noninterference in the internal the release said. The two men also discussed in the context of need to work together in the struggle against the No. 1 common enemy international terrorism and the statement said. Although maintained studied neutrality during the presidential the news which answers to clearly pulled for Trump. Among other blames then secretary of for the mass demonstrations that greeted his return to the presidency in 2012. After the flagship state television news broadcast took to referring to her as the During the senior United States security officials accused of hacking the computers at the Democratic National Committee headquarters and releasing emails that proved embarrassing to the campaign. denied any state role in the hacking. The government was one of the few around the world that was openly gleeful about the election with members of the State the lower house of the breaking into applause at the announcement. The United loyal to dominates the Trump and developed something of a mutual admiration society during the particularly after Trump suggested that which annexed from should belong to and that the United States should ally itself with and the government of President to fight the State. Trump also suggested the United States might dilute its support for which considers a main threat. Much of the brief statement from the about the telephone call echoed previous statements that had made about his goals for relations with including return to mutually beneficial openly endorses the idea that the world should return to the era when two superpowers assumed a general responsibility for global stability and security. Some have suggested that Trump is unpredictable and the traditional Republican penchant for painting as a dire threat could still emerge. The administration is hoping that the West will lift sanctions imposed over the crisis in On the phone which the said was arranged by mutual the two men agreed to stay in contact and to meet at an unspecified date in the future. Trump described the note on his victory that he received from as For its has continued its glowing tributes to Trump as a paragon who triumphed in what is repeatedly depicted in the media as the swamp of politics. The main weekly news program on state television every night tends to focus mainly on the United with the suggesting this week that follow the lead in replacing its leaders. Under President the government would finally drop what the anchor called its annoying slogans about human rights and democracy. has a lot of trust in he said.

The appointment of K. as chief White House strategist for J. Trump has been condemned by civil rights Democrats and some because of record as chairman of the news and opinion site. in his own are a selection of public statements about the the Republican Party and his own political philosophy. is a good thing. Fear is going to lead you to take he said in a 2010 interview. Referring to and in a 2011 radio interview on Political Vindication he women cut to the heart of the progressive narrative. why there are some unintended consequences of the liberation movement. in the women that would lead this country would be they would have they would love their children. They be a bunch of that came from the Seven Sisters schools up in New England. That drives the left and why they hate these made a movie in 2012 about the Occupy Wall Street protests. He told an making the Occupy when you finish watching the you want to take a hot shower. You want to go home and shower because just spent an hour and 15 minutes with the dirtiest people you will ever think anger is a good he told a gathering of conservatives in in according to a profile in The country is in a crisis. And if fighting to save this if fighting to take this country not going to be sunshine and patriots. going to be people who want to a was quoted as saying by a writer for The Daily Beast who met him at a party in 2014. He later said he did not recall the conversation. wanted to destroy the and my the site quoted him as saying. want to bring everything crashing and destroy all of we need to do is the Republican he said in a 2010 radio interview on Political Vindication Radio. believe there is a functional conservative party in this and we certainly think the Republican Party is he told the same gathering. going to be an populist movement that is virulently and going to continue to hammer this both the progressive left and the institutional Republican is a growing global revolt against the permanent political class at and the global elites that influence which impacts everyone from to he said in a 2014 interview in The New Times. the grassroots turn on the hate because the ONLY thing that will make them do their he wrote about Republican leaders in a 2014 email exchange with a News editor. The emails were obtained by The Daily Beast. call ourselves Fight You come to us for warm and told The Post this year. think of ourselves as virulently particularly the permanent political class. We say was grown in a petri dish at the Heritage took over News in 2012 after the death of its and shifted it further to the right. including some conservatives formerly associated with have denounced in its current incarnation as a hate site steeped in white nationalism and Here is a sampling of some articles published during tenure that drew Control Makes Women Unattractive and A 2015 article by who was later barred from Twitter when he was accused of inciting racist and sexist attacks on the actress told women that birth control you your voice you jiggle you a and you all the Republican Renegade A May 2016 article by criticized Bill for his opposition to Trump as political miscalculation so great and a betrayal so profound as to not be easily Health Organization 49 Higher A 2015 article by using a slur for people in the argued that a public health study on sexual health in the community was actually a warning about dangerous it is to become The site called it a rebuke to narrative that is sweeping Likely a With Inarguable to Terrorist A 2016 article by chronicled the belief of a Trump that Ms. an aide to was connected to a terrorist conspiracy. No Hiring Bias Against Women in They Just Suck at A 2016 article by argued that it was fault that tech firms hired so few of them. Bully Bridal Shop Owner Over Religious An August 2014 article by Berry criticized a lesbian couple who complained on about a bridal shop that refused to sell them wedding dresses. Solution to Is Women Should Log A 2016 article by argued that women were up the for men by invading every space we have and ruining it with and a form of modern

Wall Street regulators began an exodus from on as the chairwoman of the Securities and Exchange announced plans to leave the agency. The decision makes Ms. a former federal prosecutor who has served more than two decades in the federal the first major administration appointee to step down after J. upset victory last week. Other financial regulators are expected to follow suit in the coming weeks. The election of Trump is a for the and for that all financial agencies. Ms. White was expected to leave no matter the outcome of the election. But many Democrats had hoped that if she would choose a strong proponent of regulation to succeed Ms. whose policies often reflected a political middle ground. the agency is almost certain to be pushed to the right. Trump has vowed to dismantle the financial regulatory overhaul Congress passed in response to the 2008 financial crisis. And although will more likely be watered down than his appointments will no doubt shift the tone and priorities across financial regulatory agencies. The biggest move on Wall Street could be his choice for Treasury secretary. short list is said to include an investment manager and former partner who was campaign finance and Representative Republican of and chairman of the House Financial Services Committee. is still being in part because of pressure from but is the favorite of Wall Street according to someone with direct knowledge but who was not authorized to speak publicly. A decision is expected within 10 days. Either the Trump Treasury Department might rein in the Financial Stability Oversight a collection of regulators who examine financial risks and designate companies as systemically important. The Treasury secretary is chairman of the council and could effectively according to a policy analyst at Capital Alpha who predicted that the council might essentially become quarterly Trump was elected at a pivotal time for the an agency that had already turned a corner under Ms. White. Unlike L. who inherited a after the financial Ms. White needed not to save the but to modernize a task that the next administration also will face. Ms. which will take effect at the end of the administration in will set off speculation about whom Trump will select to succeed her. Though such talks have barely the field of potential contenders could include S. a Republican commissioner at the agency. S. a former Republican commissioner who has advocated is leading effort to select a new chair for the agency and could be a candidate. a hedge fund manager who supported is also advising the transition team. the head of the got to get back into reffing the game properly and end the of Wall said in an interview last week before his appointment to transition team. As other of President financial regulators step the firewall around his Wall Street legacy will start to crumble. Timothy the chairman of the Commodity Futures Trading is expected to leave by early though he could briefly stay at the agency as a Democratic commissioner. An even bigger change could occur at the banking regulators the Federal the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency which became a thorn in the side of Wall Street under President Martin J. and the leaders of the and will probably leave office next year when their terms or possibly even sooner. the Federal Reserve governor who oversees many of the central regulatory is not expected to serve out his term through early 2022. He could leave early next which would deliver a blow to proponents of Wall Street regulation. With turnover at the Ms. legacy could be in jeopardy as well. She oversaw a record number of enforcement actions and directed a rapid pace of based not only on but on regulations of her own making. Those initiatives were aimed at improving money market fund regulation and the broader asset management industry. think what done so far has been quite and really modernized that core Ms. White said in a recent interview. Yet Ms. White has not completed more than a dozen nor has she formalized a plan to require that financial advisers act in their best interests. Now that these initiatives will fall into the hands of a Republican they may come off the agenda. As it Ms. a political drew criticism from liberal lawmakers who view her as the quintessential moderate. Senator the Democrat who channels the populist outrage over Wall Street even called on President to designate a new leader because the agency had not required companies to disclose political contributions. In her first public remarks on the Ms. White said in an interview that the criticism does come with the think a very constructive recipient of constructive she not like you like people to beat on your whoever they however baseless it Before the Ms. White was the first woman to become United States attorney in one of the most apolitical jobs in government. Earning a reputation as a tenacious prosecutor with an independent Ms. White embraced the joke that her office was the United States attorney for the rather than district of New not motivated by any special said a prosecutor under Ms. White who is now the United States attorney in may disagree from time to in in any it would be unnatural if there disagreement from special interests and adversaries. But hyper smart and makes a decision immune from any political wind or political and I think a good way to Ms. experience she supervised the original investigation into bin Laden raised expectations for her enforcement agenda at the And in its last fiscal the agency brought a record 548 enforcement actions. In conjunction with J. the enforcement Ms. White reversed the longstanding yet unofficial policy of allowing companies to neither admit nor deny wrongdoing. such admissions have been made since. Other occurred under Ms. White and the first action against a major ratings Standard and the first action against a for inserting overly restrictive confidentiality agreements that could stifle Some of the most novel cases came against private equity firms that failed to disclose fees and conflicts of interest. Ms. White is known for keeping a schedule. Colleagues said it was common for her to hold a 9 conference before dispatching night emails and placing a call to senior staff. But she also promoted staff morale by holding coffee and sessions. Every holiday she would give a party for her staff at where she would hand out gifts to each of her children. Ms. a partial season ticket holder whose favorite moment as chairwoman came when throwing out the first pitch at a Nationals said her dream job would be the first female baseball commissioner. really think about what doing next until she you have baseball commissioner to offer then I can tell you what my plans

Betting on an automated driving in 2015 may not have been the most intuitive gamble at a time when and had already declared that vehicles were among their top research priorities. But in the fall of Spark Capital was one of a few established venture capital firms to wade into the helping lead a million investment in Cruise a based in whose software helps cars pilot themselves. One of partners became the only outside board member of the firm. It was a bet that paid off Within six Cruise sold itself to General Motors for about billion. Investing in a company like Cruise might once have seemed unusual for an firm that first gained prominence by investing in consumer companies like Twitter and the site But as the world continues to move away from easily definable consumer or corporate products and investors have had to take paths. And so which formally announced on its two latest investment with a combined billion in has backed Cruise as well as some other eclectic an upstart stock exchange called and whose software helps police departments organize their records. Those investments sit alongside bets on more recognizable companies like the popular messaging and the home furnishings which is now publicly traded. one knows what the next big platform a Spark said. is a new market The which has expanded to and New from its home base in has had some big wins. one of the first was acquired by Yahoo for almost billion. where Spark also got in on the ground went public in 2013 with a market valuation of over billion. And the maker of virtual reality sold itself to for billion. Not all of bets have paid off. The firm was an early backer of a that has lost much of its popularity and whose valuation was cut in half by Many of the venture capital firms live on the fabled Sand Hill Road in but Spark was born in in 2005. Two veteran venture and said they believed that as the bust receded from the time had come to make bets on consumer companies once more. And they persuaded a longtime acquaintance and to come on board. Relatively few such as Union Square Ventures in New were ready to jump back into the consumer even as and were on the ascent. think the lesson drawn from 2005 said. In founding and the idea was to create a firm that was different from many traditional venture capital where partners specialized enterprise software or clean energy investments. each partner can bring any idea to the and after the partners decide whether to pursue the opportunity. firms are in a market or a serial entrepreneur who joined Spark in said of other focuses. Investing decisions are often made by reaching without strict voting. partners briefly tried formal voting on investment decisions via Slack but quickly scrapped the entrepreneurs get married to you get married to the whole said. The earliest and bets were grounded in what and called an appreciation for good product design. That has remained a the two whether applied to a computer security or the automated investments firm my very smart and helpful and really thoughtful about products and John a partner at Partners who worked with as a fellow investor in said in an email. All Spark oversees billion in investment funds and has expanded the number of partners. is a former senior executive at while came over from Like other venture Spark broadened its focus and added a growth fund aimed at older companies in need of bigger sums of money. To lead the Spark hired G. a serial entrepreneur who got his start at to work out of its New and later Ms. to be based in and offer her insight as a former product designer for and the payments company Square. The firm will now have more money to invest. Its fifth venture announced will have million under and its second growth fund will have million. partners insist that the firm is unafraid of pushing into new without slavish regard for whether there is an easily defined market for a products. The Twitter would not have been made if the firm had been focused that way. He also said that Spark tried to avoid investment fads. not ambulance though he added that the firm has invested in what became hot deals. On the flip some of its picks have been more esoteric. In Spark invested in the first major round of then just a promising that subsequently became a sensation on the site Other venture firms joined and surprised many by selling itself to a year later. Spark was also one of the first venture firms to pour money into which was explicitly designed as the opposite of trading and gained fame as the subject of book the Spark partner who led the investment and who learned about from praised the ambitions to shake up the world of stock market trading and the quality of its founders. And then there is the Cruise. Kyle one of its recalled meeting several times with and forming a personal connection. Several days after their third or fourth came back with a financial model and analysis that proved to be accurate. the and they took the time to go said.

If you spend your days amid ancient clay tablets with one of the earliest forms of written the thought might occur to it be fun to bake your own tablets out of gingerbread for the office holiday It did to who is in charge of the Near Eastern collections at the University of Museum of and Anthropology. The museum has one of the largest collections of cuneiform tablets from early many of them written by ancient scribes who used a reed stylus to etch into clay. Ms. whose passions are and used a fish knife and a gingerbread recipe that came packaged with a she once bought. Not only did her cuneiform cookies beguile her colleagues at the office they also gained some measure of renown after a Museum publicist posted an article about how she made them. comment from the will probably taste more like the Dead Sea From cuneiform cookies started to become as the newspaper The Forward put it were including one who said she was taking a class in and opted to practice on shortbread. writing took a long she The trend also exposed an odd subculture of people who are consumed with ancient like the guy who uses the Twitter handle and runs a business that will translate your tweets and texts into cuneiform characters and etch them in a tablet. you cannot make this stuff really struck the world in just the right nerdy said Ms. noting that a number of including home schooling classroom teachers and scholars of ancient had taken the idea and run with it. have made some amazing much more complete and creative than Ms. said. people made full sentences. Mine just and which is pronounced and means was devised by the more than 5,000 years ago and survived until about 79 or 80 It emerged at roughly the same time as early and served as the written form of ancient tongues like and which thrived in what is now southern Because cuneiform was written in clay on and important texts were baked for a good amount of it survives today. Schoolchildren who visit the Museum get to try their hand. deepest part of every symbol is the upper because where you start with your and then you just swirl it Ms. said. Ancient schoolchildren did the same and some of their efforts are on view at the written on practice tablets. like a where you can see someone practice the first wedge over and over and over like I practiced an in Ms. said. In a she would be a bucket in the middle of the where students would toss their practice tablets for recycling. Those reusable she were the original Etch A Ms. title at the museum is which involves caring for the artifacts in the Near Eastern collections and helping visiting researchers and scholars find the right items to advance their work. a combination of putting small things in boxes and knowing where jars of dirt came as she put it once in an interview. The cuneiform tablets are in the which is not in her but they inspired her nonetheless. It was a holiday party several years ago that prompted Ms. to contemplate the similarities between clay tablets and cookie dough. She has been making cuneiform cookies annually ever usually for the same holiday party. I tried to make a brownie modeled on an ancient it did not go over as she said. Although Ms. surmises that shortbread might also be a good medium for it was the gingerbread that went inspiring copycats Inspired by Ms. cuneiform a student in the Bible and Near East program at University who has been studying for went all For a New she baked four tablets of each on a and copied part of the a creation onto them. A stunning description of this feat has drawn thousands of on her Ms. said a friend emailed her a link to the article about Ms. cookies. first thought upon seeing her my this is completely brilliant and completely my Ms. said in an email interview. a semiprofessional baker in my spare and read everything out there about ancient she said. even baked historically accurate for my classmates At the she was studying the for an so the tablets she baked each of which took her about half an hour to inscribe counted as homework. At the wanted to be the first person to break the Ms. said. I had to break them up myself to get people Now that she is teaching Ms. has assigned one of the two texts written in the Epic of other is the Code of was a mighty king from the city of the name of which is thought to have morphed into And Ms. has translated part of the epic into snacks. like baking for my mostly to bribe them in to office Ms. said. cuneiform cookies seemed like a great way to feed them while also giving a tangible link to the subject of

J. election victory was powered in part by forceful opposition to what he described as an economic and political system rigged against the people for the benefit of shadowy forces in the news the banks and the government. Trump and his allies often describe that system with one globalism. It is a word that conjures many none of them shuttered unchecked immigration and a distant cabal believers controls the economy and the media. Analysts who track extremist groups in the United States have expressed alarm at the use of the word by the They say it carries multiple meanings from benign to sinister and often serves as a for and conspiracy theorists. is a principle driver for the fears that animate the radical right in the United said the editor of a published by the Southern Poverty Law Center. is the Globalism is often used as a synonym for the system of global economic interconnection that has been critiqued for decades by liberal groups like labor environmental organizations and opponents of the International Monetary Fund and the World Bank. But for the far the term encapsulates a conspiratorial based on xenophobia and according to Mark a researcher at the League. a host on the media site Rebel explicitly rejected its use as a synonym for in a video she posted in She said the word meant rule by autocrats such as President former President W. Bush and the United Nations who value false flag of and immigration from the third almost always sneer down their nose at disdain national laugh at religion and generally despise the West while holding a creepy affection for the third she added. want open cheap labor and to benefit their business and political and are all too willing to shaft the little people to achieve the website run by K. newly appointed chief White House frequently attacked globalism and during tenure there. But no one may have done more to popularize the idea of a globalist conspiracy than a radio host who commands an audience of millions through his media empire. He has been called most prolific conspiracy theorist in contemporary by the Southern Poverty Law Center. Among his the Sandy Hook school massacre in was a hoax and the Sept. 11 terror attacks were an inside job. posted his own definition of globalism to in 2014. In his trademark he described it as a digital control engineered by shadowy corporate and political elites. He called it total form of The who has enthusiastically supported hailed the Republican as a historical figure. who appeared on his show last has in turn heaped praise upon reputation is Trump said. will not let you down. You will be very I hope. And I think be speaking a So what is Trump talking about when he talks about His Hope provided a definition in an email before the election last groups in the United States began to refer to globalism at the end of the Cold when it replaced communism as an idea that was an danger to the said. They have also referred to it as the New World and soon they saw its tentacles everywhere. The shape of that conspiracy had distinctly in part because many of foes had historically seen communism as inextricably linked to said. Members of the far right became fixated on prominent like the businessman and philanthropist Those conspiratorial beliefs were bolstered when former President Bush celebrated the end of the Cold War in a 1991 speech by saying it was the dawn of a world His use of the phrase was taken as proof by many that a globalist conspiracy really was afoot. was very easy for especially because he was the one who said to take that ball and run with said. that point the phrase became the short hand for that kind of globalism conspiracy The multiple meanings have made it a powerful political and and his frequent references to globalism have drawn in a wide and varied audience. is a very efficient net to unite disparate parts of the from the mainstream to the said the director of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at State Professor called globalism defining folklore and narrative for the racist but said it had also a convenient to explain the various declines that the United States is perceived to be Globalism was an important theme in the final weeks of for when he told a rally in in that his opponent for the had sat at the heart of a conspiracy with international bankers plot the destruction of The League criticized the speech for classic Conspiratorial talk has continued after the election. Trump referred to a plot against him again last when he complained on Twitter that protests were the work of the news media and paid protesters. a Trump ally and host on Fox Business later accused of Many on the far right have celebrated election victory as a momentous blow against the globalist conspiracy. Last claimed on that Trump had called him personally to thank him and his audience for their support and to offer to appear on his show again soon. Ms. the Trump did not reply to an email seeking comment late night. then pivoted to what he thought was most the coming destruction of globalists that hijacked the primarily the news media and international business people. Soon they would be destroyed once and for he suggested. is battling back to restore humanity and to break the he said. not gonna be any dtente. We know and just here to let you know

The presidential race was not far from the minds of executives from biggest brands and advertising agencies last month in at the annual conference held by the Association of National Advertisers. The industry leaders had traveled from cities like New and and any political conversation seemed to be premised on the assumption that would win. There was some talk about how to best market to J. supporters after 8 and debate about what a potential Trump media organization might look like. Many were aghast that the race was close at criticizing aspects of branding and messaging for holding her back in what they thought should have a for voters. So when Trump won the election last an industry that prides itself on always knowing what motivates and excites the public was in a state of shock. Marketers now find themselves asking serious questions about how they study use data and quantify the value of facts questions about the fundamental nature of their business. like many have found ourselves in bubbles of our own said chief strategist for the the chief executive of the digital agency said the disconnect between win and the predictions from polls and forecasters threw into question rules of market traditionally rooted in interviews and discussions with focus groups in controlled settings. That information should now be supplemented with on and other parts of the and behavioral data including what people are searching for said Ms. whose agency has worked with brands like Mayer and a she said. data set is not going to give you the full because with what people say is not always what they think or what they whether intentional or At the same advertisers are prepared for a new period of any customer whether it has been gathered internally or supplied by the brands they work with. Some of that is rooted in recognizing the nature of the world they experienced on and Twitter during the election. a world of social and filtered we are not getting enough signals that we might be said. marketers must actually look for evidence and actually search out why they may not be Rob chief executive of New going to be scrutiny on data and a big demand from clients and what do we really been to to understand what consuming in and is it the same in And just Some marketers have been left wondering if facts and reason matter less than they expected a counterintuitive discovery in the age of information. the chief executive of North and a former marketing said the election showed are somewhat Ms. spent some time working with campaign last a rumor confirmed last month when an email she wrote about the importance of logo was disclosed by are sort might take them or I might she said. certainly discretionary so there is that notion as a marketer and advertiser of understanding we live in a remarked that brings people reason probably had a candidate who was more experienced and probably had a better than anyone to be president of the United States defeated by a candidate with a who is least likely to be president of the United he said. spoke to reason and the other spoke to said he saw that reflected in how Trump was able to fashion himself as the protagonist of a and appealing to those looking for an to the he said. It was akin to what Sanders offered he said. story of taking on big was more compelling at this point in history than the story going to keep this thing going and make it incrementally and the story of he said. the story of experience can be really soothing for people and really be the thing that captures imaginations. The narrative and the Trump narrative is the Some see a broader lesson in the rejection of experience by the electorate. the chief executive of the public relations company said use of Twitter which he often used to forcefully attack and the news media and reduced reliance on traditional ads showed the power of communication. more effective messaging might be from the mass population as opposed to using celebrities and using media and he said. Ms. said on that she was eager for people to back into being especially after level of that took a reference to the often ugly nature of the campaign. She anticipates more ads highlighting values like the importance of diversity as the nation works to find common ground. can shape so I think in that sense brands have a responsibility to represent their values and talk about Ms. said. if an inclusive brand nothing more democratic to me than

The group Fancy which made headlines worldwide when it published the private medical certificates of athletes including and has struck again by hacking into the confidential emails of senior emails which have been taken in separate attacks on the World Agency and the United States Agency include conversations about US athletes who might have unusual blood a that at least two US were taking cocaine to lose weight before the Games and strong suggestions that a who has not been had a blood transfusion before a major as president despite criticism Read which also contain the personal details of the Sir including his home phone number will raise further concerns about the ability of agencies to protect confidential data. In Fancy Bears used a attack to access athlete management system before publishing details of therapeutic use exemptions certificates that allow athletes to use medication on prohibited substances list because of an illness or a separate development Fancy Bears has also released more names of athletes who have taken therapeutic use exemptions including the sprinter who Athletics has confirmed was given an intravenous painkiller after tearing his hamstring in the at the Diamond League last and the Team Sky rider who was allowed to take before a kidney scan after damaging a vertebra in 2014. There is no suggestion of wrongdoing on the part of either is the revelations in the and emails that are likely to provoke the greatest interest. They An email about an anonymous about a group of some of whom later competed in using cocaine for weight loss The who suggests that the practice has gone on with the knowledge of a is described as The internal email says that the athletes will be urgently but also points out that cocaine will not necessarily be an rule violation as the drug is not banned out of A member flagging up a number of US athletes as having incorrect The email includes a number of athletes whose human growth hormone and mean corpuscular volume levels are although the author this is only blood parameters but let me know if you think these are errors or if the values really are that The vitamins and medication that athletes told they were using before an test. For it was disclosed one athlete was on vitamin and some of which are powerful and legal asthma and thyroid A distance athlete who competed in was flagged up as having suspicious blood values in the weeks before the As one email puts was heavily tested over the past and from her passport its clear was blood doping from tests earlier this month. The passport is now under review and will certainly be reviewed as likely a statement criminal leak of this information which is regular correspondence on operational matters from staff illustrates nothing new and is once again part of a continued effort to discredit and the broader system. this activity is part of an attempt to distract from the real the serious breaches to world rules that were evidenced in the Guardian understands the hack of data is suspected to have come about after an official from the used a public computer while at the in which has been working with the security task has also now hired a private security firm to monitor its a spokesman Madden in a lot of ways these emails only further demonstrate the high standard to which athletes in the US are what is concerning to us as well as anyone else who truly values the spirit of is the clear and malicious violation of we hope get lost in the headlines is that these athletes have done everything asked of have been held to the highest standard and are now being forced to watch as a group attempts to create fake Fancy Bears have published documents showing that over 100 athletes have taken Among them were revelations that had taken the restricted drugs and between 2010 and while Biles was given for disorder and was allowed to take the powerful corticosteroid triamcinolone before the 2011 and 2012 Tour and the 2013 Giro In all the athletes had been granted by the relevant international sports federations and national and insisted that no wrongdoing had States in doping on on via on on on on on this content

Concern has been expressed within ruling body about the process by which John regained a after claiming to have stopped two horses in The revelation came on the final day of a rehearing of the Best case in which the trainer is accused of telling John to stop the a charge he Authority insist no deal was done with John in exchange for his willingness to give evidence against Best. But John has already been granted an the punishment for his part in the alleged having been limited to a period during which he was not allowed to apply for a The jockey was never formally banned from the sport or excluded from Best lawyers flounder over betting claims Read emerged here when John applied for his this his case was not even referred to the licensing committee. It is policy to limit the work and case took a different track when the licensing team decided the ruling body would not oppose granting John a prompted a concerned email from the licensing committee which was read out before this disciplinary panel. was John not referred to asked. only reason I can even think of is until the Best case has been the did not want John going before the licensing committee or any of its other independent of my committee made the am sure nothing untoward has happened but it just a little bit of a done deal in a way that a decision by us panel also heard about an email from the head of to who served as the integrity director until asking for an update in relation to situation. John is getting more difficult to keep on to explain the said John had been concerned about when he was going to receive his and also about repercussions for him giving said there was quite shocking lack of available from the in relation to their early dealings with John. In he there was no paper record of a meeting on 21 between the solicitor and the despite my have refused to put up a witness to deal with this critical complained in his written submissions. Of that unexplained he what was we will never know and the are not prepared to allow me to ask any witness about these discussions. not that the witness is he be put by the panel who that said he had been asking the to produce for questioning. The panel said it had no power to compel a panel expects to deliver its verdict on Best at some point next week and will presumably express a view in its reasons about whether the dealings between John and the undermined the force of the evidence to any extent. However the panel did express the firm view that a email of 31 addressed to should have been disclosed to the long before the original the the disclosed the email midway through that first hearing in after solicitor had said it should be disclosed. asserted here that the original panel had been misled by the initial although he conceded that had been is the only witness against Best and the credibility has been a live issue throughout this hearing. described him as young man who lies and makes things and said the documents disclosed by the showed he had not been interviewed by the before the regulator decided to issue charges against Best. At that officials were relying on representatives for a description of what evidence he could was a fundamental error that nobody at the appears to have even turned their mind that they made absolutely no effort to assess his credibility before issuing stopping behalf of the account is credible notwithstanding the attack on his he is a credible witness Being resistant to authority and posting offensive matters on does not support a tendency to persistent the panel heard evidence from a final who was head lad at the time of the races but has since left the sport. said he had found John hard to work with and said the jockey lied about how often he exercised and how often he liked to said after giving evidence to the first he had been threatened near the yard by two men he knew by sight but did not identify here. of them grabbed my collar and your you or you sure that asked him. replied. have been scared to walk down the shop accused the of having his career in the as he was told in that his apprentice would not be renewed until after the Best hearing. While the regulator had eventually backed down from that said he met with after and had never managed to recover his officials say they are waiting for response to on on via on on on on on this content

A sensational new message has emerged from the disgraced former head of athletics in which he alleges the covered up potential doping violations by a documentary alleging a welter of new claims about corruption and style at the International Association of Athletics Federations under its former president which is due to be broadcast on night as part of a joint investigation with the newspaper the investigative journalist has uncovered evidence that senior figures at world governing body deliberately ignored suspicious blood tests for at least six top athletes since 2011. The makers are also publishing a message from the former head of the federation banned for life by the ethics commission dating from in which he threatens unnamed officials with blowing the whistle on the we after conspiracy you decided to play and in accordance with rules. It is your choice but we are confident this is not a wise warned are the envy of the nobody does it Read a coded threat to the officials concerned he will not remain silent. It was not us who started this game. It was the project and the shall be the key victim of future So it would with the World independent commission report of 2015 outlining the scale of the corruption and by a alternative governance system that included Papa The ethics commission later banned the distance coach and Papa from athletics for life. Last week the court of arbitration for sport heard appeals from all three the message published by and the broadcaster which the Guardian has independently established as the claims to have been shown a list by that included we found there some prominent athletes including champion and icon of the sports Our question is why did not the to require from Athletics to sanction these it sure that this question will be asked in our explanations and the names of the athletes who were under Athlete Biological Passport investigation will also be disclosed. We demand fair and transparent public procedure in regard of all athletes with the alleged is no suggestion that the inclusion of athletes on the list is an indication of wrongdoing or that they are responsible for their names being on response the athletics governing body Athletics has no knowledge of any of the allegations made by in his email of 2014 published today. We will of course fully with any inquiry we might receive from the authorities on the claims that in addition to the marathon runner whose case brought down the house of cards at the top of the when it emerged she had been blackmailed in return for covering up a positive five more names are revealed for the first time. The independent commission report mentioned the existence of more athletes but did not name to the ethics the blackmail operation foundered only when asked for a refund on part of the bribe she and her agent had paid the cabal after she was ultimately sanctioned five who are also alleged by to have had positive tests covered up for money were the walkers and the steeplechase runner to the six individuals are part of a list of 23 athletes believed to be whose names appear in a document in connection with doping alleges that wired to It quotes responding to the no point was there any talk of payments by athletes. I would never have asked an athlete for money or taken money from one and the same goes for If I had to ask a for I would go to and investigation is based on documents that are now in the possession of the prosecutors pursuing cases against his lawyer his son Papa and week appeared in court in facing the threat of prison because he had not posted his entire bail. it is understood the full amount has now been and have denied any said it was unable to comment while the investigation was in progress. A spokeswoman cannot comment on the specifics of the article whilst the criminal investigation is under way. It is clear we all need to get to the bottom of what has which is what the criminal investigation is and we continue to assist them as required. We are taking bold steps to safeguard the sport in the future with the reforms we are introducing including setting up the integrity unit and disciplinary ethics committee investigation into Nick the former man of the vice president during tenure over whether took payments from is also continuing. now the has insisted he had no knowledge of any corruption during the period in question. Next he will present his reform to the council as he attempts to move on from the team at the 2008 look set to be upgraded to a belated bronze medal after the athlete was given a retrospective ban after her urine samples from the Games were retested. who was in the quartet that came fourth in the and also ran the was one of seven athletes from and 2012 to be banned following by the International disqualification means that team of and Sanders should be moved up to having initially finished because who came second were previously banned for doping in on on via on on on on on this content

They filed into the House of Commons chamber to learn what means for the and filed out to be shamed the next morning by newspaper picture editors armed with yellow pens. In one half of the 42 sitting behind John can be seen immersed in their mobile phones while the shadow chancellor responds to the autumn that asked Woods in the Daily comparing the to unable to resist the lure of their devices during pub quizzes. this addiction steering dangerously close to she gamely offering to manners to their factory was sanguine about the perceived digital snub. look but what he told Good Morning But should it Beyond the obvious danger that phones can not least on the should we take a stand against tapping in the Twitter I look at that I see a lot of trying to going on to make it more Champion MP. Victor MP one of those makes a stirring of connected politicians. I look at that I see a lot of trying to going on to make it more she says. not playing Candy Crush or at least this one certainly minutes after stood up to respond to Champion tweeted about the failure to address the gender pay gap. She then shadow health secretary another of the in the who was sharing his dismay about the absence of the in the autumn is a direct way for me to get my messages out to adds who has more than 20,000 many of whom she represents. could put out a press statement hours but it may not be picked up. This way I can commentate and if got a juicy story on within minutes I have journalists calling me for more unspoken or vary. the arbiter of etiquette for is strict on the matter. a work mobiles can be seen as and anti the corporate its Pocket Book cardinal rule is always to switch your phone off before you go into a of the respondents to a 2013 survey of business people by the University of Southern said that it was inappropriate to read phones during meetings. But a professor of management at says bosses are adapting to modern demands for communication. are times in meetings when not everyone is and if something can be quickly finished off with a little people can do she says. think people are sensible about when interruptions might affect says she use her phone for anything other than calls were she not an but insists social media offers a channel. also get alerted to campaigns and she adds. are expensive. Do you want us just listening for or to be able to work and talk to people and reflect a much better use of my PM caught playing Go in parliament Read of Commons authorities have permitted the use of phones in the chamber since but emails on Blackberries were the only distraction then. In the Speaker John burned Hunt for with his phone during a calling him for parliamentary banned phones from cabinet meetings in and last year had to remind of this when the gave him away. May has expanded the ban to include Apple reportedly over concerns that they might be hacked by spies. In Conservative MP Mills after being caught playing Candy Crush Saga during a meeting of the work and pensions or anyone else feeling unfairly rebuked can seek solidarity with the prime minister no who was caught playing Go during a parliamentary debate last month. It the first incidence of distraction in the the Liberal party leader who had previously been responded on Twitter ladies can do two things at the same time you she including a for good etiquette the and prison doctor in Some practices have mobile but nobody pays any attention of course. had patients answer calls in which is rather and also known patients to complain about doctors using phones. part of life now. But not in where phones are banned. I leave mine in the car. In a quite nice an unlikely oasis where I can go and have an uninterrupted MP for If my phone is but it never comes into the and I see it as a piece of kit for me to do my job. fundamental for me to able to communicate directly with people. on which I do and got though that tends to be more press stuff. I got remember. And I have my parliamentary on my because that would take up every minute of my day. On a busy day I can get 200 emails per teacher in south New students get a talk about the importance of not touching phones in lessons. They go a bit crazy at first because they come to a new school expecting all these new but they soon get used to it. not supposed to use them but occasionally felt a buzz in my pocket and resisted the urge to check for that email from the mortgage broker. Phones tend to stay put even in the staff room. After two hours in the company of young you really just want an actual conversation with an of on on via on on on on on this content

going for St is a kind of just right. Old of oldest but not Not too frantic and not too dull and but green and verdant. The city is a historical high on a hill and folded into bursting with Roman remains and ancient trees. Not too not too small. Technically a with a cathedral abbey longest trivia and the cultural heft of a its beer festival is a sight to behold. But you can walk to the city limits. perfectly positioned not too far away from anywhere in 20 journey from central cupped by the and the Mum and Dad moved here in the Move must be in the genes. This is where I began life in a starter home on a suburban at the edge of town. Four decades only one teeny tiny the property prices. Just case against Some people might call it Posh How dare a dozen or so an hour at peak times to St and six or so north to 15 and on a good an hour into central Plus 10 drive from the and half an hour to and its and about 45 minutes to Great. among many Abbey and my old school Maple are says and are with St and College out A fine selection of such as the Six Bells and the plus good food at and to buy This is prime commuter get in anywhere you can. Large and town and smaller town Terraces and a a of the week postwar in need of with Co through move to getting its back Read the streets Bill Odyssey cinema. Waited years for it to be restored. One comfy tables and a few sofas. Best of the bar is open throughout the Cairns market plus visiting and Live in St Join the debate below. Do you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by 29 move to on on via on on on on on this content

The Serious Fraud Office inquiry into engineering giant was expanded earlier this year over suspicions the company was involved in bribery in new documents have filed at the high court in show how the investigation into took a fresh turn in March when investigators arrested a man at a led the to begin looking at a oil and gas which is accused of paying bribes on behalf of dozens of multinational including to help them win documents reveal the investigation into in sparked by suspicions it had acted corruptly on behalf of over its business dealings in since new documents have been filed as part of a legal dispute between the and A court hearing into the dispute is due to start on its describes how a businessman working for its firm was arrested at a airport in to the the at this time opened its criminal investigation into which the agency alleges was involved in fraud and and does not conduct legitimate lawful middlemen may have used bribes to land major contracts Read has flatly denied the corruption adding that some of the information that formed the basis of the allegations against it been gathered as a result of criminal activity including to the court the two worth and found on the arrested man appear to have been from and had been made payable to a company that was believed by the to be owned by a suspected its the claims emails were found that a strong suspicion of an ongoing corrupt involving argues that the were dated 2013 and 2014 and had expired without being cashed and could not have been evidence of any past or ongoing The counters that the could still be cashed for up to six to the the cited the when it asked police in to raid headquarters the following day. The headquarters were raided on 29 the following journalists at drawing on a leak of thousands of alleged that the firm had systematically corrupted the global oil distributing millions of dollars of bribes on behalf of and other multinationals which were seeking to secure contracts. At the high court hearing next its and his two and are challenging the legality of the raid on their claiming that the wide fishing amounted to an unlawful misuse of the powers. They are asking for damages for violations of their human rights. They are also asking for large quantity of important business seized in the raid to be returned to and the copies held by the to be as they say they are unable to carry on their normal business. However the has refused to give them access to the arguing that it is that conducts any legitimate lawful seized more than 60 of data from the firm 30 times the size of data leaked from the law firm that comprised the Panama the investigation is so important to the Read is contesting the legal arguing that their actions were legal and that the executives are attempting to and disrupt an ongoing criminal investigation into serious fraud and began to investigate in 2012 over allegations that a network of its agents made illicit payments to land large contracts around the month a joint investigation reported that part of this investigation was into allegations had hired to help it secure contracts in at least five different including and said it was fully with the investigations and cannot comment in If you would like to pass on any confidential you can send a message via the service how on on via on on on on on this content

Another engrossing day of Test cricket ends with holding the upper hand thanks to a sublime unbeaten 138 from Sent in late on as a makeshift opener the elegant left hander will return to the crease on afternoon after spending the entire second day batting. Partners came and went around him. Smith had more than 59 in his locker but a regrettable threatened to change the course of the game. It thanks to Peter busy debut. His dismissal for 54 sparked a but the wickets of Nick and Wade to the new ball under lights failed to mushroom into anything South Kyle was the deserving better than his from 25 Obvious but the first session tomorrow will set up the rest of the game. Quick wickets for South will drag them back into contention but a couple of hours of batting could see them extend their lead of 48 into territory. Thanks for your see you guides in Test against South Read more batted throughout the second day of the third Test against South at the Oval. Images 102nd 307-6 over of the and to bowl it. had he takes a single from the first ball and park himself at the reminding himself of his good work. looks assured now against the standing and delivering with a straight playing in the V. And Peters of blokes who wear the same costumes together at the cricket are as funny as the flu. as a public service announcement. 101st 306-6 returns to torment for an then for an and a chance that drops in front of continues to hold his end up though. Hinds to the point. But is still a mastermind for getting in 2016 100th 305-6 around the wicket to and the number 8 does his seeing off another over 99 Large Hadron 99th 305-6 returns to the attack late in the day to bowl his wrist spin to with just four overs remaining in play. And does not know which way the ball is One rips off the pitch and into the hands of at first the wrong nips between bat and pad and misses the bails by a particle so small searching for it in that big shiny tunnel in 98th 304-6 back on for his final dart with the tail at his mercy. 22 overs 3-35 so far in a terrific display. Immediately on the line and but looks to be warming to his task and does well to rotate the strike with the implacable 97th 303-6 of the same from finding the middle of and the inch or so just outside the edge of Apart from the one that rockets from a push through extra cover for a rare boundary and the team overs remaining. lead by crowd of 37,932 here on day two to see another cracking day of Test 2016 96th 293-6 changing the moving around the offering the which he takes second delivery. Regardless of how the rest of the day pans this has been a Herculean effort from the makeshift is not in class and looks at risk of losing his wicket every but he survives with a series of play and and leading edges into space. don't care for the interpretation of outside the line of leg If some of the ball is in it's in agree. 95th 291-6 tested all over and eventually he gets one through the big and given reviewed immediately. And for good the ball pitched a breadth outside the line of leg stump. only to waft another swoosh at one that beats the outside the ball had landing in line with the not the required A game of 94th 289-6 in his happy hitting a good length and forcing both to consider the health of their thumbs. one to take a backward step though and he fronts up well with a straight bat and a jutted jaw. 93rd 286-6 overs remaining tonight. Discussion on wanders into is the ball swinging more tonight than last territory. It would be a shame if one of them just went know. Nobody knows really. Makes for great cricket sending down his wobbly in the vicinity of outside but the vigil continues. 92nd 285-6 offered a single first and he happy to rest his aching bones at the end and allow to fend off some thunderbolts. The big lefty does including pinching a single of his own off the last ball to farm the the new ball was taken and the lights came on this innings has transformed. The neon pink pill keeps darting past the outside edge with a tail behind it like an homage to a bit surprised by the standing ovation for the man who got in and then got out. 3-10 since 2016 90th 283-6 collapse is hold onto your The third wicket with the new ball has set this game back on edge with down to the tail with a lead of 24. 90th 283-6 replaces who once again bowled beautifully. But the pressure released with Veep hitting the same spots and beating outside edge on a couple of occasions. Wade responds by taking guard way outside his crease to the seam but instead he nicks a healthy edge through to a diving Wade of leaves the field after being dismissed by Philander of South during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 90th 277-5 Wade was limited on Wade certainly on crunching a square drive for four from his first to much from that knock. He came in at a tough time and faced some good including one very special ball indeed. tailing back in to the and the zing bails go flying into the night. Nick got a good one from to end his difficult stay at the crease without a run. Nick Clean bowled. Rick 89th 276-4 is making first dig in Test cricket a tough putting the pink ball on the spot relentlessly. A maiden and the New South remains on a duck. nervous as ever been. Come on 2016 88th 276-4 trying to offer shock value from the other end but has been in way too long to be unsettled by any short stuff. saw something in before the selectors did. making runs on tired pitches in A tour it was clear he would play for seniors. When Marsh and Burns were preferred it made me cringe was more of an option due to Ashes and his exp of But still should have made his debut before in the last match even though my sympathies were with for not making his debut 87th 273-4 found his with this new ball under lights. His first delivery to just passes the outside as does the and the all kissing a good length and spitting towards first can be satisfied with his or can As emails I recall the last to make a fifty on debut was dropped after making 200 Best of Lemon Sport words from one who knows. is getting his weirdness and we love it. 2016 rips through with a beauty. Hits the cuts and sneaks between bat and pad to castle middle and off. Peter of is dismissed by Kyle of South during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 85th 273-3 with his first dart with the new immediately after the drinks break. A couple start full outside off but the third is on hip and he swivels a pulled four. He look full of at the crease though and a quicker one swooshes past him before one wobbles off the seam beyond his outside edge. still there like he has been since this time last has taken to the and delighted he it remarkable how little there is over stance as the Nine commentary team insist on describing it. I guess he is If he hit the ball a bit harder than grammar pedants could almost call him a dangling modifier In My I can recall snorts of derision when assorted visitors in the started facing the incoming bowler with the bat already. To this day I cannot recall an more united than that day hurled a yorker to bowl Tony at the in the 2nd innings of the 1st Test of the Ashes. A tsunami of acclaimed the delivery that proved 1st innings defiant century was a The whole of maybe the had spent the following day decrying someone bowl that git a as The tall held his bat off the ground. bat stays poised and vigilant in the direction of the midday sun. And no Not even a brouhaha. In My Day marks me as a but it is not exactly so. But almost. 85th 266-3 slows things down with a Maxwell that was hardly a surprise you 84th 266-3 there was any fear might be rattled by that near miss dispelled by back to back cover driven fours to open the 84th over. A pulled four wide of makes it a of to bring up the 50 on debut and push into the lead. looks to the manor born. Top knock. Peter of bats during day two of the Third Test match between and South at Oval. Images 83rd 249-3 new ball talking loudly for South and and are milking ones and twos from hold might have bitten off more than he could chew with one quick single too many. A direct hit has him diving full length with the third umpire forced to check replays of whether the bouncing bat was in the air when the zing bails lit up. Not Sighs of relief for the been waiting twenty years to say this about an but there's a bit of about Peter something of the about this knock from 81st 245-3 to share the new ball and so unlucky not to claim nipping one back off the catching the inside edge but it drops before The long sleeve jumpers on the fielding team indicate as the sun sets the temperature drops pretty quickly in the of the South. now has his longest Test innings in terms of balls faced now up to 2016 81st 243-3 is handed the new pink ball at the earliest running in from the Cathedral End as the sun sets over the sending the sky an fantasy. Game on much doing from that first look at the new a tiny amount of swing back into the left but the only just hitting That perception of swing almost does for who plays inside the line of the last giving something to smile ruefully about. 80th 243-3 Hail appeal with the first delivery of over to The goes deep in his crease looking to play a cut shot but is beaten for pace to one that bounced a bit more than most. He hits but the question is whether it hit his pad first. The review reveals it did hit his pad but was bouncing well over. Worth a and a decent warning to about how his deep guard makes him an candidate. sees out the rest of the but gone into his shell a bit since dinner. Hardly surprising considering been on the field every delivery for two days in a row. South will be restored the review at the end of the over. 79th 241-3 joining the a laugh bowling chaff party. have but on a track as true as this against two set batsmen performing the role of a bowling machine. 78th 239-3 dancing all around his crease against looking to the ball into run scoring areas. After finding the field for four he finally manages to rotate the strike. Test Cricket is fantastic .. Love the visual but more so the change in conditions that you have to deal with ... 2016 77th 239-3 to tip and run against trailing by just 20 says should own up to his actions the man who threw his own Mum under a bus when he tested positive. 2016 76th 234-3 continuing a tight line and length to Second maiden from him in a row. commentary has gone to the subject of appeal which is easy to perceive as pushing the patience of the and everyone involved. hearing lament the skipper not taking responsibility for his actions must have brought a few wry smiles around the country. Maybe should say his mum packed the mints in his kit bag and he think there was anything wrong with sucking them on 75th 234-3 into the attack now with his from over the wicket. He starts with a rank wide long hop and some junk that should have generated a forcing him to change his approach around the from where he immediately looks dangerous. One turns and strikes on the pads and another finds a thick edge that races along the ground past at slip. 74th 230-3 is clearly trying to buy 10 cheap overs and throw his full bore at the new ball as darkness descends but this brief passage after dinner has been all so puts the breaks on finally with a maiden. 73rd 230-3 partnership from just 68 deliveries as this pair continue their postprandial game of tip and run. If technique and runs help him he has the patronage of a certain to prop him up. The has perfect being of and St CC descent. One can only imagine he likes Pie too. 72nd 223-3 bowling his over the wicket wrist spin to partner A similar over ensues with in particular showing a confident use of his feet that will stand him in good stead for the Shah challenge to come later in the summer. A couple of those nudges reach the boundary this over courtesy of some dreadful fielding. Some South still with their heads in the buffet. And the feed is as good as it gets on the so I can hardly blame them. Cat on for a bowl. been waiting for this ALL SERIES. has a fan somewhere. 71st 213-3 to open the bowling for this final session of the day as South look to rattle through to the new ball in 10 overs time. The over proceeds as a series of loopy left arm droppers nudged around the beautiful oval for a few singles. be 32 overs bowled in the meaning likely to overrun the scheduled close of play but not by much. can we ditch the Channel 9 have just shown the trailer for the new you the one of that lizard sprinting away from an army of snakes straight from a Room 101 Evening a change of narrator for you to see you through the sunset session. I have the good fortune of turning up with in the ascendancy in a Test match for the first time since the Ashes tour of 1989. has mixed elegance with patience to bat serenely through two sessions after his unexpected move to opener. at the crease Peter who has looked accomplished after a nervy first over. The upright technique and guard deep in his crease is sure to provoke plenty of you have something to contribute you can reach me on Twitter or email In case this story passed you town may rename cricket oval after Trump Read more While enjoying your dinner or I know this naming convention is a hotly debated issue on social please cast your eye over this. From Bull in this The Spin. a long way to play all across and his all call him is from in northern When was a his father left home. When was a his mother and brother were killed by the And when was a he decided to come to and claim asylum in England. He was placed in foster care and given a place at Polytechnic. Soon after he turned up at though he speak much he made it clear that he was nuts about cricket and started playing for their years now has five including a C in and is still turning out for the club. He is also being threatened with deportation. recently lost his application to remain in the and is now on his final appeal to stay in the country he calls home. at CC are petitioning the government on his behalf. They say he embraced all of cricket engaging in the social and fund raising sides as well as playing the game and that is a friendly hard working lad who has quite simply become part of our You can read more about case here. If persuaded by his please do sign his Dynamite this the story of an incredibly kid who faces 2016 A fine session for the rattling off an even 100 runs across the two registering his fifth Test century along the way. It could have been if not for a that left the captain Smith short of his ground when on 59 after 137 on with either side of lunch. It has been a defining hand from the thrown up to the top of the list after Warner was precluded from opening the innings last night. He was mature enough to survive last and enough to prosper today. The strokes were but so too was the hard work to see off the South trio of quality when deserving of it. Smith will be his call for a single to point by initially before being sent back. ugly but the captain was equally brilliant in the stand. It laid the foundation for the runs that desperately wanted to avoid leaving too much work to their inexperienced order. With that has looked better with each minute he has spent out there since 14 not out at the long break. The hosts are 50 short of a valuable first innings lead. Right. enough from me. will take the baton as day becomes night in Thanks for your enjoyed it as always. See you tomorrow. has been the star of the second day of the third Test in reaching his century shortly before the dinner break. Images 70th 209-3 is defending and leaving in keeping with the best traditions of the over. Until on his a ball happy enough to push through midwicket. Strong three scored. sees off the final couple of collecting one to midwicket in the process. And my will be dinner. take a moment and wrap up the session. 69th 205-3 has been given a big go in this middle session but is still searching for a maiden Test scalp. With only minutes to the long break is satisfied in before getting a loopy one on the tucking it away for one. driving turns the strike over as meaning be up the business end for the final over of the which will be delivered by The Cricket Prof. cut shots for 9 of his 10 runs so 2016 68th 203-3 back on for a couple before dinner. too straight to stroking a single into the Then a bit a cutting a couple behind gully. His best shot yet. He does likewise to end the and this time it goes the full journey his first boundary in Test cricket. feel into double figures as well. 200 up as well. 67th 196-3 gets another go. untroubled after bringing up a century moments takes one to point. gets three behind point that he tries to cut close to his body. He looks a bit nervous out but perfectly understandable. a big job ahead and this is what he has been picked for. first to score Test century since 3rd Test v That's 381 overs and 14 balls 2016 66th 191-3 Four slips in place for Philander I am sure very happy to be given another chance at the right hander on debut. forced to play and facing up deep in his crease. a tough initial interrogation for the but he comes across as a savvy enough operator to understand that. A good late leave to end the over suggests some confidence. A maiden will be recorded in the book. now trail by with a quarter hour to come before dinner. a 2016 65th 191-3 is using his feet to get to the pitch of beautifully timed and to the rope. To 98. Then 99 with another this time to The cheer is bigger again for who takes one his first run in Test cricket. Now back on strike and the field up makes no mistake in cutting to a A glorious way to get and he loves it. 197 balls with ten boundaries the others numbers in the equation. He needed to step up with the vast inexperience across top and then again when Warner was prevented from opening last night. done both beautifully. be some scrutiny over the run out with but time for that later. For all about What a superb century. great moment for the almost forgotten concept of 2016

The health has described children and adolescent mental health services as the single area of weakness in told the Health Service Journal that too many families were being let down because of what he described as in the capacity of services to support and treat children earlier in their lives. professionals are also painfully aware of the issues facing Those working in and with the service admit failing to provide adequate care because of time a lack of staff and a shortage of beds. Teachers and social care professionals also feel the want to hear from both those working in and in other areas of the health about what the situation is really like. What challenges are you faced How does it have an effect on you also like to hear from social workers and any other professionals who have dealings with children or adolescents with mental health problems with services. How is your job Does it take a toll on can remain anonymous. If you you can email with your Professionals on on via on on on on on this content

Many seats on flights could be free in a with the airline making its money from sharing revenues with boss said this week. But of flying and really be average cost to of carrying a passenger is at current exchange according to the 2016 annual while the average cost of a ticket is a loss of around on every ticket it sells. But it was able to record a large profit because it made around from in other baggage priority sandwiches and drinks sold on travel insurance and so on. It turns out the average spends on which is where the real money if you really want to be a the trick is to avoid all the things tries to sell buy extra legroom or priority charges each on top of the normal if you want to reserve a seat in rows one and or 16 and 17 by the emergency as they have extra other seats on are charged at an extra each way. Yet frequent know a trick that works most of the whereby they obtain a premium seat without paying the booking process you will be asked to reserve a seat. Just click will subsequently send out emails to remind you to check and imploring you to pay for a reserved them. The best time to check in is between two and three hours before your flight. In most cases you will then automatically be allocated one of the premium seats. make sure you complete before the final deadline. After you will have to do it at the at a cost of does this We have not had this confirmed by but the thinking is that it does not sell all its premium but does fill most of its aircraft. It keeps the premium seats open until the last possible the final few checking in have to be seated so they are rewarded with one of the empty premium problem with this trick is that it is not guaranteed only really works for solo If you are in a group then it will mean you are almost certainly split told we welcome enterprising important to note that our load factor for was and the only way for customers to guarantee their preferred seat is to purchase a reserved waste on a bottle of water A bag of is on its but a bag bought at costs all know should by that you take more than of liquid through security. On on this by charging a stiff to thirsty who want a bottle of water. But all you have to do is pack an empty plastic bottle and fill it up at a water fountain after security in the airport terminal. Some presumably at the behest of will hide the water fountain as best they but there usually is one. At south terminal it is on the upstairs down a corridor leading to the toilets. And nearly always a savvy there topping up their dinky wine bottles can also be found for in before although rules say you drink your own alcohol on board. Of once on board it will sell you wine at per same goes for snacks. You are perfectly free to carry vegetables and all solid foods through security in your hand although soup will breach the rules. Sandwiches on board cost but you can make some at home says you are free to take your own food. And a bag of is on its but a bag bought at costs baggage bag costs each and another or if Above each kilo costs another tenner. Unless the depths of winter and you need heaps of free baggage though should get you you are allowed a free hand luggage bag the size of a small wheelie plus a further small bag. representatives used to have a reputation for seizing vaguely weighing them and charging but in recent years have become more Lewis from demonstrated on the Tonight how to squash a vast amount of stuff into your jacket or coat. Wearing a US survivalist he managed to squeeze in a two a a magazines and much more. though it was heavier than hand airlines have rules to stop it he the priority boarding remains a mystery to frequent why so many people opt for priority which will be on a return. It is not uncommon for priority customers to be first down the steps to be greeted by a bus waiting on the tarmac but when the bus doors open a people opt for priority to ensure space in the luggage but it can be and to leave your wheelie bag on the tarmac to be put in the for and then collect it on arrival. but the hotel and car hire hotel booking service is provided by and its car hire by which pays a commission to the airline. We thought that might mean cheaper to buy separately. But when we tested prices for hotels in for a we found that a stay at the Inn was actually cheaper through website than anything we could find on comparison site while the cars were on on via on on on on on this content

In the nascent field of orgasm much of the data relies on subjects and in some pretty clear physiological feedback in the form of how do women know for sure if they are What if the sensation they have associated with climax is actually one of the the early foothills of And how does a woman know if she has had an set out to answer these questions by studying orgasms in her private laboratory. Through better understanding of what happens in the body and the brain during arousal and she hopes to develop devices that can increase sex drive without the need for orgasm begins with a butt plug. uses the anal to detect the contractions typically associated with orgasm in both men and women. Combined with which measures brain this allows for a more accurate picture of a arousal and orgasm. Twitter has founded to study brain stimulation and desire. began studying women in this way she noticed something surprising. of the women who reported having an orgasm were not having any of the physical signs the contractions of an not clear why that but it is clear that we know an awful lot about orgasms and sexuality. think they are she said. sense is that some women know what an orgasm is. There are lots of pleasure peaks that happen during intercourse. If you had contractions you may not know something Research could lead a device put on before intercourse to increase responsiveness to sexual an runner and keen motorcyclist in her free started her career at the Institute in where she was awarded a doctorate in 2007. Studying the sexual effects of a menopause she first became aware of the prejudice against the scientific study of sexuality in the US. When her research examining porn found the condition fit the same neurological patterns as cocaine or it was an unpopular conclusion among people who believe they do have a porn addiction. Twitter The evolution of design of the anal pressure used in lab to detect orgasmic contractions. started posting stories that I had falsified my data and I received all kinds of sexist she said. Soon anonymous emails of complaint were turning up at the office of the president of where she worked from 2012 to demanding that be fired. Does orgasm benefit mental pushed on with her but repeatedly came up against challenges when seeking approval for studies involving orgasms. tried to do a study of orgasms while at to pilot a depression intervention. rejected it after a she said. The ethics board told her that to she would need to remove the orgasm component rendering the study left to set up her sexual company in in 2015. The company has been working on a number of including one exploring the benefits and effectiveness of working with specialist company of the the practice involves a woman having her clitoris stimulated by a partner often a stranger for 15 minutes. orgasm state is claims website. is and dynamic. It flows all over the place with no set direction. It may include or it may not. In Orgasm we learn to listen to what our body wants instead of what we think we wants to determine whether arousal has any wider benefits for mental health. folks that practice this claim it helps with stress and improves your ability to deal with emotional situations even though as a scientist it seems pretty explicitly sexual to she said. Twitter Vagina Dispatches episode the orgasm is examining orgasmic in the measuring finger movements of the as well as brainwave galvanic skin response and vaginal contractions of the recipient. Before and after measuring bodily researchers run through questions to determine physical and mental states. wants to determine whether achieving a level of arousal requires effort or a release in control. She then wants to observe how Orgasmic Meditation affects performance in cognitive how it changes reactivity to emotional images and how it compares with regular stimulation is Another research project is focused on brain which believes could provide an alternative to drugs such as the The drug had to be taken every be mixed with alcohol and its can include sudden drops in blood fainting and sleepiness. women would rather have a glass of wine than take a drug not very effective every said field of brain stimulation is in its though preliminary studies have shown that direct current stimulation which uses direct electrical currents to stimulate specific parts of the can help with anxiety and chronic pain but can also cause burns on the skin. magnetic which uses a magnet to activate the has been used to treat psychosis and but can also cause mania and hearing is studying whether these technologies can treat sexual desire problems. In one men and women receive two types of magnetic stimulation to the reward center of their brains. After each participants are asked to complete tasks to see how their responsiveness to monetary and sexual rewards has wants to stimulate brains using direct currents and then fire up tiny cellphone vibrators that have been glued to the genitals. This provides sexual stimulation in a way that eliminates the subjectivity of preferences people have for pornography. already have a basic functioning said barrier is getting a device that a human can reliably apply themselves without harming their own Twitter proposed direct current stimulation configured to stimulate the brain areas associated with is plenty of skepticism around the science of brain a technology which has already spawned several devices including the headset which promises users an energy and which claims to help with Novella from the School of Medicine uses brain stimulation devices in clinical trials to treat but he says not enough clinical evidence to support these emerging consumer devices. potential for physical harm if you know what he said. a theoretical point of view these things are but in terms of clinical claims they are way ahead of the curve here. simultaneously really exciting science but also premature engineer who uses to treat depression at the City College of New agrees. a lot of snake problems can be emotional and also a licensed is keen to avoid overselling brain stimulation. risk is that it will seem like an quick she said. For it will but for others it will be a way to test whether brain stimulation can work which sees as a more balanced approach than using medication. it is much better to help provide it for people likely to benefit from it than to try to create fake problems to sell it to problems can be triggered by societal pressures that no device can fix. discomfort and anxiety and awkwardness and shame and lack of said psychologist who specializes in sexuality. Brain stimulation is just one of many physical interventions companies are trying to develop to make she says. a million drugs under development. Not just oral drugs but patches and creams and nasal but not a medical she about low sex drive as a medical condition requires defining normal and unhealthy. does not lend itself to that kind of line drawing. There is just too much variability both culturally and in terms of personality and individual differences. normal for me is not normal for your mother or your says that no device is going to solve a when a woman in a heterosexual couple getting aroused because her technique any good. pills or brain stimulation are going to fix she on on via on on on on on this content

This is the news when a great writer dies. On just after Penguin on the sad passing of at 88 years old. Thirty minutes later email and phone requests are sent out by and media for tributes and comment. At the Times publishes an impressive roll call of writers who pay real and heartfelt homage to someone whose work has clearly meant so much. There is no hesitation. Everyone is at their desk. Each author highlights an aspect of work that mirrors their own hopes and and a picture emerges of a writer in the faceted transparency of his allows us to see an entire tradition. An hour the lurking for some months or perhaps are published alongside critical appraisal and appreciations across the speaking world. The news is four hours the day is not yet over. It is difficult to think of the poor mortal self and the fact that he is gone through the many tributes now calling his work to words that writers use about are full of yearning. He is described as a master craftsman. There is a regretful sense despite his great he was not placed at the of the literary consciousness. Like many great writers he was an and as such was for the most from the struggle with language that besets and enlivens many of our best writers on the is a wretched country when it comes to knowing where people are how they are or what their name means and what it meant 200 years ago. These this knowledge is mostly but it still we are sectarians and snobs on a minute constantly sifting and sorting people into one or other historical identity and the whole business can be tedious if you are on the receiving end of am a said of himself as if a who sported a tweed fishing hat could ever be a Catholic he just father worked in the as did his before marriage. In those bank workers moved around from town to always at an angle to the local whose business they knew to the last pound note. The were doubly estranged for not just but the wrong kind of because they did not belong to the old establishment of landed is a writer to do with such a series of social double left by his own he could not find a job and he lived in England for most of his adult life. really feel those divisions any more than really I in literary the division between and England. I feel that writers of fiction do belong in a no land some place and I certainly feel I in that no completely at home in the language. He had no need of the push in his sentences is towards the apposite phrase and he repeatedly gives the reader the satisfaction of finding it. His approach is described as as though writing at its an exercise in modesty a service to the character and to the story which in some essential without him. was interested in as though this is something over in his he had no control. This allowed him to own the work and disown both at the same and shifts the focus to the formal beauty of the narrative shapes he made. It would be nice to get time to mourn the man before the public business of remembering the great writer ask novelists what their novel is a question that is seldom asked of the short story who is obliged to about the joys and limitations of the form. saw himself primarily as a writer of short stories and his work fits neatly into this despite the fact that his pages are dense with social content. His observations of suburban life as well as those of small town are so acute as to verge on the satirical. He had the eye of an outsider for the smallest and irony did not escape characters live small and they often get smaller. Who can forget at the end of Ballroom of she will settle for Bowser because when her father she will be alone in the In is obliged to sleep with a woman whose daughter he may have hit with his car. Although he is not at fault he has only himself to suffering as he does from all the guilt and none of the consolations of his religion. in in she does not know which of two men may be her and she manages to find a balance between belief and love and loss. brings these to a point of ambiguity or impossibility. When returns to a weeping statue of the Virgin that he had previously and asked for There is a kind of redemption in in the of our human frailty. The characters are also redeemed by tender and forensic gaze. His compassion releases a sigh of happiness in the reader that might as well be one of obituary Read he was presented with a achievement award in in who had a mischievous agreed with me that these things take an enormous amount of the you use any of You cannot write about award ceremonies. They take you away from the desk for many precious hours and give you nothing to work when you sit back down to it. For a writer like this felt like going home empty you needed to get permission to publish one of his as I once you wrote him a letter. You sent this letter to his home address in a week or so you would receive a handwritten reply. And so it happened. I opened a small envelope and there it permission graciously granted. And there was something slightly magical about this as though the postal system had only recently been would be easy to get nostalgic for this kind of life and its perfect pace. It would be nice to get time to mourn the man before the public business of remembering the great writer begins. These the public business starts within minutes of the news of his passing. But when the call went out to writers last one thing had not they were all at their the place where knew he is laureate for on on via on on on on on this content

obligation for working parents is a precise the feeling that one ought to work as if one did not have while raising children as if one did not have a a friend recently wrote on My immediate reaction was sadness as it made me think about my own roles as a parent and a senior HR manager. But do we really need to pigeonhole ourselves to be Forgive yourself for feeling you're not being a working parent takes its toll. I run out of my last meeting at and dash to the tube. If I miss the I have to wait another 15 minutes for the next one. I have to collect my from nursery by and I feel rising anxiety trying to get back on time. I hate it when among the last to be picked up and feel a sense of disappointment in returning to most parents opt for some sort of flexible arrangement. When I returned to work I wanted to meet the expectations of my peers and while knowing that I was giving my child the best possible start and as much time as I could. But I found not as simple as switching into mum mode the moment I leave the office. I spent my commute on the doing work replying to making every second count before making my primary focus for the next few hours until she fell asleep. After I used to be back on my emails finishing my tasks for the felt I had to justify my new working arrangement by being available all the resulting in a sense of frustration that I able to give either work or parenting This was not only but impossible to keep how can you juggle it all in a way that works not only for but also those around honest with fair to yourself and make sure your manager is aware of what is possible and what I work but of course I would end up working. Although I am part my workload has not reduced in sometimes more. At first I found myself with a relentless need to check my work phone and reply to emails while looking after This feasible and I needed to find a balance. I now have arranged to work two hours from home on that day off. a more realistic an reasonably about your working practices and be charities leading the way with working cultures Read how you will your meeting administration or email management by working such an arrangement to your own advantage and that of the company. Do your best follow your passions and be confident in your experience and the support mechanisms in place there for a reason and leaning on them make you any less efficient or quite the opposite. With more than 14 experience in I understand that overcoming the challenges of being a working mum is not something I can do alone. I feel lucky to be working in a supportive environment that embraces my role as a mother and as a senior member of the to your manager to reset goals and allow yourself to get anxious about the unknown when a simple conversation may be all you need to set things straight. Forgive yourself for feeling uncertainty or as not alone. How accountable you feel depends on the kind of employer you work for and whether or not they have great role models and can adapt to change. We can all get swept up in the way things have always been done rather than creating new ways of working that serve a better purpose in to that original is that how I Perhaps at but only when I forget to feel proud of being a successful working mother one fulfilled person rather than two separate entities. I hope I am not alone in feeling for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career at and on on via on on on on on this content

I tried to buy a senior open return ticket from Bath Spa to using the Great Western Rail website. The fare was advertised at but a further was automatically added at checkout for special delivery mailing without the usual option of collecting the ticket from the station. Customer services initially told me there was a fault on the and then that ticket machines and ticket office computers at stations did not the codes for these tickets so they had to be posted. In the end I went to the station and bought the same ticket for the same price. Going today I find more than two weeks the issue is still there and there is still no warning advising customers of it. explains that the ticket you were trying to buy was a discounted offer available until and says that the web page promoting the deal makes clear that if you book more than five days before the date of tickets are posted for free by second class whereas if you are imminently the system defaults to the special delivery. you can buy them on the day from the station you cannot collect tickets from there if they are part of the discounted it would be helpful if these facts were repeated on the payment page. says being able to make subsequent offers available for collection through vending machines or as the anyone tempted by the offer of off had better make sure they book a week in advance or get to the station good and early on the day to buy their you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with on on via on on on on on this content

The number of articles discussing the teaching excellence framework now easily eclipses the official government documentation describing it. People are bashing praising arguing about the metrics it and prophesying about how it will shake up higher education for good. university reporters and government officials are all weighing in. Everyone has something to say about how the will change student life for better or it except the undergraduate students it is supposed to benefit. Stand at the lectern in any lecture hall and ask the assembled students what the is. I doubt many will some would argue that student voice is through the National Union of Students and who did respond to the consultation. But these rightly or have condemned the higher education bill and the outright because they see it as a back door to higher fees. The NUS are threatening a boycott and spoiling of the National Student Survey key as a protest. They recently have won some concessions in the Higher Education but the is going ahead a survey revealing that students are not very enthusiastic about the they do care deeply about quality teaching. University found that out in 2013 when they tried to sack an lecturer who was loved by students and had won teaching awards. found the same thing when its open day was disrupted by angry students who when it rejected a masters program on whiteness led by and ended his contract. Students write passionate reviews of staff for awards entries. Others fill in module feedback forms with enthusiasm and constructive criticism. I know this as a postgraduate teaching assistant. If you give students a platform to tell their they will use you want to learn about the problems of student satisfaction in the era of ask Laura a former graphics student from she can tell you exactly what was wrong with her course. Or student Laura who detailed the shortcomings of the 2015 What about studying at an institution consistently ranked highly for student For this metric deceived him the abstract discussion of retention graduate employment and are human stories that can richly describe what happens when university teaching up to scratch. This is the expert knowledge that the should put at the forefront of any metric it uses. But apart from the Higher Education Council Funding for England tinkering with the the give students a place to get their views into the metrics. students are struggling to get their voices heard through the current channels. no surprise that version of is gaining popularity and the political stance of the questioning if they about students. But these sites designed to improve designed to showcase excellent schooling and expose bad practice. I seen a video of teaching staff reading their reviews but I imagine be fairly similar to those from the surprise and dismay from staff as students lash we like it or the is and the government should be applauded for addressing the problem of quality teaching in universities. But if the is about ensuring the best quality then the customer reviewing the product needs to be taken more how do we give students a platform that The United Kingdom Engagement Survey is a but it capture everyday experience. The Department for Education and universities should develop a feedback in collaboration with current that future students could regularly contribute identifying weaknesses in teaching and offering strategies for improvement. Students could then give a single set of numerical scores measuring quality and response to feedback that feed directly into providing a regular student appraisal of departmental excellence. This system be and numbers cannot completely convey the depth of student but it would be a start. Whatever is it should be done in conjunction with the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education on on via on on on on on this content

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own am applying for jobs as a school librarian. I hold a degree in information and library and have seven experience working as a school librarian. The last job I applied I phoned before sending in my application and asked whether it would be possible to have a look around the library and meet the librarian. The school responded quickly and I visited the following day. I was impressed with the library space and could see by the friendly of the students that the current librarian was well sent her a thank you card after my visit and promptly sent in my application. I was one of seven but I did not get the were a number of things we were asked to do on the day of our including being interviewed by a panel of students and two senior members of the school. When it was my turn for the student the librarian was also in the room but she did not acknowledge me. I noticed the students looked to her at one point and I would have looked only it seemed rude to turn my attention away from the students. Of the seven I was rated least liked by the student it no longer appropriate to ask to look around a school library prior to applying for a job being Or doing what I consider essential My feeling is that I do not enhance my chances of being hired by doing so and that I may be creating an atmosphere of mistrust. I am applying for another job in a school library and would have asked to have a look around and perhaps meet the people but I want to lower my chances of being you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply personally. on on via on on on on on this content

This week found myself thinking frequently about a a a mother and a politician never Cox was the MP slain on the street in the shadow of the vote in the This her a person obsessed with the and white who had shouted and as he shot her three times and stabbed her 15 was sent to prison for followed this know the fortitude of the Cox family has been something to behold over what must have been terrible husband of was interviewed in by the and was asked by his interviewer about the coarseness and aggression that had surfaced in the national conversation in the in the past couple of Cox obituary Read thought politics had become fixated on the things that divide people rather than the things which brought people the Cox issued a call to arms for people intent on occupying the ground. is something that is stirring that I think the political is too complacent he thought there was a need to articulate a narrative about patriotism. think ceded that narrative to the extreme he said. think we need to regain that narrative and define in an inclusive that brings us rather than blaming the the or the for what is going on in our He said centrists had been far too which was given willingness to on the other had inclusive patriotism in my head as I watched the immigration Peter casually poke a stick in a nest this week putting a question mark over whether should have allowed to come to in the Coxes were also in my head as the expert and now Labor parliamentarian reported death threats to the police. your bags and piss off to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with one correspondent emailed to Lest the catalyst for the correspondence be the sender was emphatic. was says Labor has his remarks about Read Coxes hovered as I watched rise in the Senate to point out that words can be borrowed from the Northern politician who once observed of sectarianism that it grow wild as a flower in the it bloomed in window nurtured and handed on through generations. During a contribution in private the man substituted racism for sectarianism. Racism was being tended flower boxes in flats and in charting a slow creep back to that same declared she was sick of being called a racist. lauded the days when the people once termed would just cop a bit of lip from as part of their assimilation ritual rather than the preciousness that persisted declare she was to with I recalled a conversation had in with the race discrimination who said was approaching a tipping point in race relations. The conversation with took place just after used her maiden speech to say was in danger of being swamped by and a poll suggested of the country would be happy to ban it's not about it's in our love of the land Read has been so much written in recent times about the backlash to to trade to markets and combined with freer people movements across has created a kind of mass nostalgia for particularly in nations where politicians done nearly enough to distribute the economic benefits fairly within their ignore these trends. Political tsunamis have happened in the United Kingdom and in the United and smaller waves are lapping the political in managed to have a nascent conversation about inclusive growth. Labor campaigned on that platform during the last federal election and also now uses the prime minister has said several times since he almost lost the election that distributional equity has to be part of the conversation if politicians are to rebuild community confidence in the open have not begun a conversation about inclusive and becoming increasingly obvious that we need and we need one does have a Trump gave the world a case study of a politician prepared to cynically deploy and xenophobia as a response to the backlash. Trump harvested anger and fear and gave it a compelling political language in an fretful about the decline of its and was rewarded with the White all watched the case study of a demagogue. We know what it looks like. We know it will spawn little cynical mini as I said this politicians pretending to be every men and women in order to embark on an unconscionable manipulation of people looking for Cox offers us another and he reminds us that patriotism requires an active than seeing a love of country as a vestige of the a quaint or the slightly embarrassing province of rednecks and the new patriotism is a centrist concept if the is prepared to define it and nurture and make it meaningful in contemporary is possible to be a fully subscribed citizen of the world and to carry the love of country in your is absolutely right. If patriotism is to be in contemporary the opt out of the fight perhaps if we lower our collective sights from the world to the we can again find time to bond with people and with which might just be the beginning of finding a common language for contemporary do politicians will have to wants to be a man of the it is actually a profoundly unconscionable act to play dead when his immigration minister idly pulls a thread of immigration policy just to gratify or hold out One surge in or whatever he thought he was your country do what patriotism means in 2016 Read thinks is the greatest multicultural nation on which is the line he trots out when wanting to sound he needs to walk the and make the case for social inclusion not because politically correct but because of compelling logic. Social inclusion in a diverse population makes more harmonious and more Shorten also needs to have a think about where he wants to line up. Right now having a bob each dabbling with foreign worker bashing and economic nationalism while sounding like a progressive globalist when it comes to tolerance and also need to that not all down to understand the nature of individual we need only carry around Cox in our souls for an hour or two a woman who stood up to serve her country in its parliament and was killed in the street for being a beacon of with that visceral event in our we can think of the qualities that unite countenance ways we can stitch ourselves to to our to our to burst the dreadful bubbles many of us reside in and find a moment to hear the views of people who feel differently to patriotism is a very simple is about it is about the power of the an embrace of difference and the courage to keep reaching out in rather than recoiling in fear and on on on via on on on on on this content

Ministers deliberately delayed a controversial report it was being forced to publish until after crucial council decisions on planning according to newly revealed documents also show ministers acknowledged they were open to a charge of double having granted local communities the final say over applications but overruling documents reveal and according to shadow and green which strengthen fears that the government is determined to force shale gas exploration on report on the impact of on the rural economy was produced by the Department of Food and Rural Affairs and published in 2014 in heavily redacted form. But used freedom of information rules to force the publication of the full report a year later. The report said could cause house prices to fall and risk damage to health and the but that it could also generate new county council was considering the first major planning applications from shale firm in 2015 and requested to see the full report. But new documents released by the energy department to under rules show then energy asked to delay the publication of the full report until after the email on 15 from private secretary to the then energy secretary Amber and media officers suggests we do nothing before planning decision if we have given as council rejection overturned Read report was duly published two days after which was to reject the applications. Emails show it was deliberately released late in the day around presumably to limit on 19 showed the awareness of concern while local communities had been given the power to reject applications could be pushed through by as then happened in 2016. The from an energy provided to for ahead of prime questions in the House of Commons. pressed on the double standards of letting communities have the final say on but not the Conservative manifesto set out a commitment to make changes to to give local people the final say on applications. We wholly agree that local communities should play a key role in determining shale operations in their local area through democratically elected councils and the planning shadow energy documents represent an astonishing of attempts to subvert and impede a reasonable debate about the merits and demerits of Altogether this is a sorry saga of evasion and which only serves to strengthen the now widely held opinion that government is determined to push through regardless of facts or and has actively connived to subvert inconvenient analysis when it who proposed the motion that requested the report to be published in is dirty tricks of the highest order a real It shows complete contempt for local democracy. It is very obvious they were hellbent on happening whatever we said in a dirty tricks make a mockery of any government claim to be on the side of local people. First the council was and now been revealed that the government tried to pull the wool over their eyes the energy department released documents related to the publication of the is still refusing to follow suit. should publish the correspondence on that has been hiding for more than a said Martin. is an opportunity for government to make a clean break with the past and prove they can be government spokesman complied fully with the information ruling that we publish the report within the established within 35 days of 9 the material made we do not believe this internal document which was incomplete and had not been was sufficiently analytically robust to inform on on via on on on on on this content

the Green presidential is preparing to request recounts of the election result in several key battleground launched an page seeking donations toward a fund she said was needed to request reviews of the results in and drive has already raised more than which the campaign said would enable it to file for recounts in on and on Stein to formally file for recount as effort nears Read page said it expected to need around to challenge the results in all three said she was acting due to evidence of voting and that data analysis had indicated discrepancies in vote that were released by state authorities. concerns need to be investigated before the 2016 presidential election is she said in a statement. deserve elections we can move came amid growing calls for recounts or audits of the election results by groups of academics and activists concerned that foreign hackers may have interfered with election systems. The concerned groups have been urging the defeated Democratic to join their Trump won unexpected and narrow victories against in and earlier this month and may yet win where a final result has not yet been declared. Vote margins in and and her campaign made clear they were acting because they wanted to ensure the election results were rather than because they thought she had actually won any of the contests. Several states allow any candidate who was on the ballot to request a is the deadline for requesting a recount in where winning margin stands at In where his margin is the deadline falls on In where the Trump lead is currently just the deadline is 30 Guardian previously disclosed that a loose coalition of academics and activists concerned about the security is preparing to deliver a report detailing its concerns to congressional committee chairs and federal authorities early next according to two people interested in verifying the said an adviser to the US election assistance commission and expert on electronic voting. need to have ballot is understood to have contributed analysis to the effort but declined to the precise nature of her second group of led by the National Voting Rights Institute founder John and Professor the director of the University of center for computer security and is also taking part in the push for a a on said paper ballots and voting equipment should be examined in and nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act in the next several to petition for he defeat to Trump followed the release by US intelligence agencies of public assessments that hackers were behind intrusions into regional electoral computer systems and the theft of emails from Democratic officials before the about has on apparently disproportionate wins that were racked up by Trump in counties using electronic voting compared with those that used only paper of the voting machines that are in operation in some counties has been banned in other including after security analysts repeatedly showed how easily they could be hacked the polling expert and founder of cast doubt over the stating that the difference disappeared after race and education which most closely tracked voting shifts were controlled and several other election analysts have dismissed suggestions that the vote counts give cause for concern about the integrity of the dozens of professors in defense and elections have in the past two days signed an open letter to congressional leaders stating that they are by previous reports of foreign and requesting swift action by country needs a public congressional investigation into the role that foreign powers played in the months leading up to the academics said in their while noting they did not mean to the of the election legislators including Senator Graham of South and Congressman of have already called for deeper inquiries into the full extent of interference with the election to contact the Guardian securely Read announcement by who had previously been hesitant to get also shields Democratic operatives and people who worked on bid for the White House from needing to overtly challenge the senior Democrats are known to be reluctant to suggest there were irregularities in the result because and her team Trump so sharply during the campaign for claiming that the election would be against others have spoken including the sister of closest aide. shift of just 55,000 Trump votes to in MI is all that is needed to said on urging people to call the US justice department to request an a former Democratic National Committee consultant who during the campaign investigated links between and then campaign manager is also participating in the attempt to secure recounts or person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the White said may well be but further due diligence is required to ensure that democracy is not a joint statement issued last the office of the director of national intelligence and the Department for Homeland Security said they were that the theft of emails from the and from campaign John which were published by was directed by the states have also recently seen scanning and probing of their which in most cases originated from servers operated by a the statement went on. we are not now in a position to attribute this activity to the elections on on via on on on on on this content

take your suggestions and forge them into a for next week get involved have until on 21 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor den posts as in the will select from your recommendations and produce the to be published on 1 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the on on via on on on on on this content

efforts to keep its negotiations secret are likely to include the establishment of secure reading rooms for and peers to read strategy plan for reading rooms policed by a security officer is designed to ensure that documents cannot be photographed or passed to a third government has come up with the idea as a way of fulfilling a commitment that it will allow parliamentarians the same level of access to negotiating documents as in rooms have been developed in and more recently as a way to stop documents on the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership from being leaked. The commission believed that if it emailed documents to they were more likely to be leaked. reading room set out by the minister Lord underlines the dilemma the government will face in keeping parliament informed of developments in the most important postwar negotiation undertaken by and Downing belief it must keep its hand close to its does Once we the people must have a vote on it Read told peers this week that would be given the same access as but added that because there was no precedent for the coming treaty it was not yet clear what access to documents will be given by the said ministers were looking at for transmitting information in such a way as to ensure that there can be timely debate and scrutiny on the while at the same time ensuring that complete confidentiality can be maintained. For we are closely watching the recently opened reading the visitors have to hand over their mobile sign an undertaking that they will not leak the documents and allow a security officer to monitor their movements. They are allowed to take handwritten but not to access computers or select committee report published in the summer had called for parliamentarians to be given the same access to documents as currently enjoyed for trade including the draft negotiating report on parliamentary scrutiny argued that in the it is agreed that documents are supplied to the parliament in sufficient time for it to be able to express its and if necessary to publish formal and for the commission conducts the to be able to take these views and recommendations into a skirmish about access to government some peers and have been pressing ministers to publish a green paper setting out their broad negotiating including its vision for a future framework of at the time it invokes article 50. Signs point to the government seeking a transitional given the complexity of the negotiations is a deal and what would it Read are keeping largely silent because they have not yet reached internal agreement on their negotiating and they are waiting for the supreme court to rule on whether the permission of both Houses must be sought before article 50 is but a handful of the most ardent parliamentarians are likely to vote for the government to be entitled to start the largely making the court case an argument of principle about parliamentary the former diplomat credited with writing article this week urged ministers to shed some of its obsession with saying he could not understand why they believed openness would undermine their negotiating stance. He told peers this initial negotiating stance will not be a secret from the foreigners very because when we say they will hear it. How could it be undermined by being presented to the people and parliament in claimed the real reason for the government secrecy was difficulty it faced in deciding exactly what their initial negotiating stance is to perhaps because the foreign secretary has failed to convince his colleagues that it is possible to have cake and eat it for all the He described the discussion with government as worse than hitting a tennis ball against a saying it was instead like hitting the ball against a nothing ever comes have briefed that they could envisage the government seeking two different trade deals with the one covering goods and the other on on via on on on on on this content

Here is this songs picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the are everywhere. From in to in from to hear them on street corners and in concert halls. Our first extra terrestrial contact will probably be with a little green man playing Bobby on a thought selecting this would be relatively a piece of just pick the songs and tunes known and loved and that have nominated myself had I not been in the chair. What could be the People were bound to nominate them only have to put them into a pleasing running order and write a few words about them. It turned out to be a lot more difficult than that. Some of my prospective choices did turn some songs turned up but with different singers. But all in not that many. What I did get was a tumultuous variety. A bit of a bit of there. And it set me thinking. Twitter The recommend is like a great big cooking and each week we come along with our carefully ingredients and put them on the and then the chef will take their pick from the wonderful selection of produce and skilfully create an aural dish to set before the of La Scenic and El A Pair of Brown Constant Swimming The Boy in the Get Are We the pot throw two cups of chopped La and fry gently until soft this will bring a robust and strident to the but with a North twist. Bring to the boil and then add one and a half of Beach Boys this will add sunshine freshness and give the dish its depth. add a couple of handfuls of Promised Land a tangy variety of Chuck succulent original but no less Give a good stir and cover. While bubbling chop up equal amounts about a handful of each of and blend in some sparing with the a little goes a long and add to the pot. Season with a good dollop of and return to a low another heat some Project and add the a holy trinity of fiddle and accordion. for five minutes and add the Boy in the Bubble and the Alcohol and reduce until about half its original content. Transfer contents of both pans into an dish and cover. Cook in a low oven for 1-2 hours. Remove from sprinkle liberally with some grated Jukebox and serve with a nice bottle of how to join new theme will be announced at on 24 You have until on 28 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the on on via on on on on on this content

The has just passed the Investigatory Powers Act at the third and it will become law by the end of the year. The bill was instigated by the then home in 2012. It is better known as the the director of Open Rights described it as the extreme surveillance law ever passed in a It more or less removes your right to one misspelled search for and be in an orange jumpsuit Read law forces service providers to keep a record of all the websites not the actual pages you visit for up to a year. It also obliges companies to decrypt data on demand and gives government security services the power to hack your mobile phones and other some the new law merely the current and as revealed by The most obvious difference is that it makes your web history readily available to almost 50 assorted police forces and government departments. These include the Transport the Department of the Food Standards the Gambling and the Welsh Ambulance Services tracking and you sign up with an the traffic from your and other devices goes to your which feed most of it except various blocked websites on to the You can track this process yourself using therefore knows where you are going You can avoid this by using one or more anonymous between your and your eventual destination. Your will then know you visited the proxy if the is done it know where you went from people interested in proxy but often end up using them. For people or living aboard use proxy servers to watch on while people outside the US use proxies to access and other services. Enter the are two big problems with using free proxies. you may not know running them. They could be helpful hackers or or even they may be unreliable and slow. better to use a virtual private network or corporations have long used as a way of extending their private networks across the public If they encrypt all the traffic between computers in their and other they can send their traffic securely over the without paying for expensive leased lines. service providers offer the same facilities to ordinary users for a small monthly traffic from your is automatically encrypted and sent to the so your see the final destination. The records should only contain the server to contact the Guardian securely Read many people use I recommend them to people who travel a lot or work from public because they protect your traffic from snoopers who steal passwords or worse. I also recommend them to people who are potential targets for other reasons. They might be film bankers or anyone with commercially sensitive a of companies sell and you can find plenty of reviews to help you choose. The things to look for include the number of servers and where they are their privacy the applications they support speed and price. Some have applications for different devices. For has them for and your motivation includes the choose a that is not and that does not keep any logs. If they keep any they hand them over to government raiders. keeps an updated list of services take your anonymity The Best Anonymous Services of 2016. For increased some providers accept payments by dozens of different methods including and anonymous gift note that a guarantee access to any particular website. For has taken to blocking most services hundreds of users are coming from one though some are making technical efforts to maintain access. You may also have problems with fraud detection and so remember that a protect you from and websites that try to install stops your from logging your web but they may still be logged. For your own web browser is keeping a history. also being tracked by dozens of advertising including You can block trackers with a browser extension such as or the Privacy but note that Privacy Badger only blocks trackers from has a which checks whether you are being tracked by increased you could access the from a loaded in your operating and then throw it away after use. is a good free example. Workstation Player is also free for may be the only way to avoid being tracked by This is when the tracking company government gives your a unique identifier based on variables such as screen browser timezone and so on. If you use a virtual every session starts with a generic fingerprint. It may not be but less identifiable than the messaging and charter obviously covers too many services and devices for a single answer. you could consider switching to a secure email service such as and a secure messaging service such as Signal. and also encrypt make use private because always being tracked by the cellular network. you can turn off and when not using them they can also be used to track you and use a for web access. Remember also that many request permissions that enable them to track an ordinary citizen with a you hide from the security any more than you can defend your house against a tank regiment. If they want to hack your they will. If an investigative human rights one of collaborators you need a higher level of if they are not out to get why act as though they should probably better to be as inconspicuous as while limiting the amount of data that might turn up in some bored random fishing think that are or soon will be normal enough not to attract undue attention. There are already plenty of reasons for using a to protect yourself in a world of hostile Hide My Ass and other threats. why many large businesses use The fact that they may also shield you from some state snooping is just a you got another question for Email it to on on via on on on on on this content

The thought of going to court makes feel sick. In her she has been building up to it for years. When she was a she was sexually and after three decades and a breakdown she finally went to the police last year. hid it from everyone until she says when we first a day before she goes to regret her decision but it has taken its toll. Flashbacks and nightmares from the abuse are vivid and the thought of going through it all in court is takes everything I have just to get through the she says. another of sorts at the hands of the Department for Work and Pensions that has led to not only struggling with her mental health but to keep a roof over her this government want to punish us for being Read the horror of childhood abuse has left a physical as well as psychological mark. never been able to she says. Her adolescence and were filled with ill health throat bone and mood swings treated with antidepressants. And in after years of tests and trials one she had to go on low doses of she was diagnosed with the rare bone disorder Sometimes the pain is so bad that she cries all night. a knife being stuck in my bone and being is how she describes almost 20 years worked as a nanny. At leave a job and then take another with memories of the she gets anxious around men but by with the breakdown hitting on top of her physical she finally had to give up work completely and go on the employment and support allowance. She was judged to be so ill that the put her in what it calls the support people found to have no chance of being well enough to was tight without a but another bit of social personal independence payments helped get by with an extra a was until March this year when just 18 months after being awarded PIP was told that she had to be tested again. If it so it would sound almost an assessor turned up at filed a and by the end of spring had lost her benefit. rules meant that not only was her PIP stopped but her severe disability component of over a week gone in appeal against the had to attend a tribunal in August. It would be intimidating for anyone to sit in a court in front of strangers on a panel but for it was devastating it was the same court that was dealing with the abuse case. When she found been sent back there for her benefit tells me she lost By the time she was at the she was shaking and crying uncontrollably. was as if I was on she add to her the medic on the panel was a and when he asked questions she get words out to answer. even look at the she says. could I give an she had flashback after flashback of the abuse. By the next told the police she was pulling out of the sexual abuse case. do Before deciding to continue with the she was in such distress she was close to being sectioned. packed she says. know where to. I just disabled people as Read to ordeal and hard not to feel not only about what been through but how entirely pointless it was. Put aside the fact that she had been judged as needing the benefit only 18 months had told the and tribunal assessment team she was about to go to trial as a vulnerable advocate from Rape as well as her had even written to the As she puts they knew what was going but they still made me go through I asked the about the general procedure for such it said it was Courts and Tribunals Service that decided when and where cases were heard. The said it comment further on the tribunal because the matter was had her benefit appeal rejected. With more than a week she tells me struggling to pay her mortgage in her worst fears bankruptcy. abuse I was proud of making things She pauses. now few weeks after the trial I get an email from her abuser has been found not guilty. being strong she tells me she can at least move now the trial is over. But the reality benefits are still has thought about trying a tribunal essentially the channel through which to appeal against a benefit decision but she not sure I have the to be honest. a strong person. But I got it in is not her real on on via on on on on on this content

My husband and I are a young newlywed couple from Our honeymoon was a tour of It was the adventure of a marred by one nightmare our first experience of flying We arrived early for our flight from to but at the boarding gate three of us were told had overbooked the plane and two would have to stay behind. We were offered the one remaining seat as it was our honeymoon and I was nervous about to for the first time we agreed to let another single passenger take it instead. We were assured we would each receive compensation of for being denied boarding. We spent six distressing hours at the airport trying to sort out the then three hours transferring to another airport for the next available thus missing a night in our hotel. Four months we have still not received compensation. A recent email from said only one of us would receive the payout and claimed that we had refused to take the spare even though another passenger had taken it instead. Now it says we are not due anything at all. The email trail from customer services makes for dismal reading. The sent in confirmed you were victims of its notoriously zealous overbooking policy and therefore due each under Regulation 261. The second reckoned since you refused the last seat on the you are only entitled to half the following reminded you that if disruption is caused by beyond the it is not liable to pay press office swiftly establishes the that overbooking while it may seem to passengers paid for a seat that they is entirely within the control and that you should have been paid the full whack months therefore a payment of plus to cover your expenses and distress. All of which sounds promising except the next day you are emailed again and in a woefully ungrammatical that the total you will receive is cynical view is that is wriggling and weaving to save itself a few quid. The real is that staff at the departure gate logged you as declining an offered and forgot to add that another stranded passenger could travel in your stead. No one has amended the record am promised that you will soon be sent the full you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with on on via on on on on on this content

alleged attempt to influence a magistrate involved a case against a bankrupt former legal advocate whose supporters include an adviser to the One Nation has been referred to police over a letter asking the magistrate to adjourn the case against John from in northern who is charged with failing to provide information about his financial affairs during letter which also refers to having a Senate motion recall a number of judges for could amount to threatening a judicial officer and trying to pervert the course of according to chief referred to police over letter to magistrate Read case against a retired police follows a saga related to his work as an unqualified legal advocate challenging legislation in courts on behalf of commonwealth charge against was first heard by the Cairns magistrate last month after he was bankrupted over a legal costs order arising from his advice to people in disputes with three local councils that they should not pay supporters include Peter who has been advising before a looming Senate referral for a high court examination of the eligibility for was barred from legally representing others in in 2011 after acting in at least 10 cases where a judge said he ran the same but futile line of legal argument challenging state and local authorities over legislation including argued unsuccessfully during bankruptcy proceedings that legislation passed in since 1966 is unconstitutional because it has been signed by governor generals who were paid in not pounds as specified by the argued the same point to press the former case in a letter to the prime in urged to call a to the as legislation since 1966 has been legitimately approved by any governor general because none of them have been paid in legitimate also wrote to a lawyer involved in bankruptcy proceedings against to upbraid him for not engaging with issues he was including earlier this month spoke to from where he reportedly acknowledged that he had been declared a by courts in four including an email to a lawyer seen by Guardian you lawyer rubbish refuse to admit people like me to the Profession of and probably the forty thousand I have still done the hard yards at some of you mongrels were any the issues is raising like sovereign debt and currency banking and blatant disregard of the laws of the commonwealth because only you or one of the forty thousand thieves can prosecute for would be proponent of arcane arguments challenging the legitimacy of courts through a literal interpretation of the engagement by coincided with the senator raising questions about the authority of the high his first question in the referred to the high supposed failure to issue writs in the name of the Queen. On 7 he wrote to the Senate president accusing the high court of procedural failings that made it unlawful and asked that the upper house consider removing from office. rails against as Senate debates free speech politics live Read letter to the dated 15 and bearing Senate are watching with interest the conduct of all judicial officers after discovering the high court has not been conducting its business in the name of the so this could reflect on all jurisdictions. As a safeguard against a possible could I respectfully ask that you adjourn the matter until the constitutional position of all courts is revelation of letter this week a growing rift between the One Nation senator and party leader has since written to the magistrate clarify and that there was no disrespect ... to the or to judicial has said he rejects any suggestion of threats to any officer of any or any attempt to pervert the course of initial letter was written the interest of on behalf of a distressed who is being prosecuted by the commonwealth director of public had his property sold by bankruptcy trustees in after they sought a warrant for his it is understood remains at the property with the support of its new a farmer who unsuccessfully challenged the authority of state laws to fight a fine for clearing trees on his bankruptcy followed a rare legal costs order awarded to councils to compensate their expenses in recovering almost in unpaid rates. who was understood to have paid his own was held liable by the court because he acted as a legal adviser to the dissident legal services commission won an injunction preventing who was not a qualified legal from acting as a legal representative. The supreme court found he repeatedly ran cases using the same legal arguments to challenge legislation. In one case he acted for a north landowner who wanted to clear trees on a property known to contain habitat for endangered mahogany gliders and reasserts control of One Nation after chaotic day Read supreme court found he was using parties effectively as stalking horses to enable him to continually repeat these had for years been persistent in presenting those arguments in in despite knowing had repeatedly failed to persuade judges and magistrates that the decision was the court is due to appear again on 24 in the Cairns magistrates formally charged with refusing or failing to provide information in compliance with a in filed a statement of affairs on 4 according to a search of bankruptcy records with the Financial Security on on via on on on on on this content

Labor senator Pat says the debate about watering down the Racial Discrimination Act is a back to bigotry and and has used a speech to the Senate to underscore the power of a prominent Indigenous leader before his entry to federal told the Senate on morning the had perception of freedom but that freedom looks different if you are forced to fight for wrong with particularly if you are from the ruling class. a hell of a lot wrong with freedom if got to battle to experience said. got to fight for rails against as Senate debates free speech politics live Read was born before the 1967 when we were not even counted in the census of this country as Aboriginal people and when this government did not have any power to make laws for Aboriginal people because we were excluded by the of our constitution in 1901. Twitter on section and free whole battle for recognition and for to enjoy the basics of being a citizen in this had to be fought for by black and white Faith and many I see today is the ideological creep back to bigotry and to intervention came during a debate on a private bill to remove part two of the Racial Discrimination which sets out the various prohibitions on offensive based on racial significant contributions on morning included the One Nation declaring she was fed up with being called a and the Liberal Democratic party senator comparing suppressing racism to suppressing urged people listening on to the debate to have no doubt racism something growing wild in the being tended in flower boxes in flats and and that matter is something that we as all should be working to get rid said the death threats made this week against his Labor colleague and fellow West threats which followed the immigration Peter saying had made a mistake in the in letting into because some of their descendants had gone on to be charged with criminal showed that words were email sent to office on 22 with the subject line was right. Pack your bags and piss off back to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with threats against the MP on her page are being investigated by the Federal do and how we use words is said on rights comes said the parliament had a duty to stand up for vulnerable people rather than enhance the power of powerful people. this nation cannot stand up for the the and those who are most vulnerable because of their their ethnicity or their then we have become a very sad replication of what democracy is debate was triggered by a bill introduced by to amend the bill goes further than a separate private bill being advanced by the South Liberal which would remove the words insult and offend from section of the senators during debate made it clear they would not be voting in of the to his said laws should not protect hurt and that in outnumbered an ideal none of us would entertain racist thoughts but some of us and some of us also make racist seeks to do is discourage racist speech in the hope that somehow that will change racist thoughts. It In fact it makes it more are prone to conspiratorial thoughts. Suppressing their speech is like suppressing it make itself known in the same but it will erupt far better to allow racist speech to attack it with more used her speech to say she was fed up with being called a racist. She said her critics were unable to define her One Nation leader made the argument that previous generations of migrants people who used to be called had used the experience of having a go at them ... to become part of the was taken with a good sense of I think we have lost that in I think people have become so precious that you say or do anything argued was now afflicted with where white were not permitted to have opinions unless they were fortunate enough to be parliamentarians and were given the protection of parliamentary have an opinion. We say anything any took on and his argument that words are powerful. She contended it was Middle Eastern religion that was hate onto the rest of the had it up to here with my making a gesture at her on on via on on on on on this content

Its first operatives famously cracked coded messages encrypted by the hastening the end of the second world Park is planning a new school for the next generation of in order to plug a huge skills gap in what is fast emerging as the biggest security threat to was one of many heroes at Park Read College of National a first for the is scheduled to open in 2018 in a specially adapted premises on the Park site. The boarding school will be free to the with a mix of venture corporate sponsorship and very possibly state funding underwriting the school will teach skills to some of the most gifted to It will select on talent looking in particular for exceptional problem solvers and logic regardless of wealth or family according to a driving force behind the threat is the real threat facing the and the problem causing the government and companies is growing said chair of a created by a consortium of experts for the purposes of education. Twitter Park in which is to be the site of the first college. is a shortfall in terms of the professional resources to combat this right now and it will get so much worse unless there is a to get to grips with adding that a shortage of about 700,000 experts in has meant that companies are struggling to get the right people. The college will offer a curriculum that balances tuition approximately with related subjects including and computer science over a study period. Beyond the boarding school there will be a selection of virtual short courses. Staffing and a detailed curriculum are still being thrashed out. is discussing with the Department for Education whether state funding will apply. If it does the backup plan is to rely wholly on corporate sponsorship and money earned from other initiatives. Twitter Park buildings that are being renovated. college will be boarding partly to ensure attendance by those who do not live in the but according to so individuals attending the college see themselves as a collective by their and linked by a common One in 10 places will be offered to day will be open to anybody providing that they can demonstrate the key talent people who have natural ability to solve logic is growing at an unprecedented rate. According to the 2016 Security Threat campaigns targeting corporate and private data via seemingly innocuous emails have increased by over the past year. The report also found that of all legitimate websites have serious security Park celebrates who changed course of first world war Read a expert at thinks the college is an excellent initiative as the next generation is going to be key to are in that they have grown up in this technologically reliant world and perhaps are not held back by naivety of older generations who think a single firewall or a decent password is enough to secure their the interest of budding specialists is the main challenge. The school was launched because of the belief that there is a gap in education from where forms part of the national computing curriculum to degree where plenty of universities offer options. a professor of war studies at College questions whether the needs such an academy. already the promise of a new initiative mentioned in the new National Security and this in addition to many degree research groups of the sovereign capabilities of armed police and he those involved with it is touching that part of the site is being reused for its original purpose. The museum will remain fully but the two largest buildings on the site are being refurbished at a cost of more than to house the director and founding member of the Park Trust and the National Museum of initiatives such as the national we can effectively combine the principles of education and innovation for which everything on this site stands. Previous generations are deeply proud of their contributions at Park. I am keen to see what the next cadre will on on via on on on on on this content

draw the sting of Arsenal and seize initiative in Group A Read more all are Arsenal are deflated. The champions go top of Group A based on their superior record and all they need to do to win it is beat at home in their final match. Arsenal are looking at another tough draw unless can do them a look on the bright at least they be playing Thanks for reading and emailing. Bye. after the game 90 slips a smart pass through to blocks his fierce drive. have a corner. 90 There will be three added minutes. 89 replaces the outstanding 88 ruins a promising Arsenal break with a pathetic pass that flies straight out of play. happy. 86 has gone down with an injury of some sort. Not for though. up again to take the throw. 82 should win it again for With Arsenal desperately chasing a third there are wide open spaces for to exploit on the break. Forward they go threatening to overwhelm Arsenal. curls a devilish ball into the middle and flings himself at only to plant his header past the right post. me. He could have had double figures against Arsenal this season. 81 replaces Arsenal are going for broke. 80 is on for Arsenal. is off. are menacing breaking down the left and scuffing at from a tight angle. 79 Arsenal do their press forward and leave no one back to defend the counterattack. plays through and he be offside seeing as started his run from inside his own half. Luckily for and always got the potential to do something absolutely absurd. Through on he reckons that he might as well try to go for an elegant chip over from 20 because he is not He gets barely any purchase on his effort and probably going wide. saves just to make the buffoon feel better. 78 replaces the luckless From the lifts a high corner towards the far post. Arsenal decide to leave because why he going to do Peeling away from the dozing heads it towards the right post. is standing by it but the ball flicks off his head and past who might have had it covered. This is a sickener for Arsenal. As it are going top. looks dejected after scoring an own goal Images 76 heads behind for a corner on the right. And... 75 The impressive guides a teasing low cross into the looking for but plunges down to claim the ball in front of the 72 first contribution is an extravagant piece of skill to get away from two players in the middle of half. His attempted through ball is cut but Arsenal contrive to lose the ball near their own area. finds who whips a fine cross into the middle. With does extremely well to steer the ball away with his thigh. 71 decides that and shoots from 40 yards. not 69 Arsenal appear to have that have a better chance of holding on to their lead if they stop panicking. 67 had a nightmarish is hauled off and replaced by as look for an that would swing the group in their 65 have upped the intensity since going behind. skedaddles through the middle but produce a telling final ball. Then falls on the edge of the area. No Arsenal need to steady themselves. looking shaky again. Hull City legend is about to come on for 63 slips a canny pass through to peeled away from Or has The Arsenal clambers all over nipping away at making his presence felt at the very least. claim tugging back. They might have a point. smothers. screams for a so does the away end is up in arms. Play continues. 62 Looking for an instant decides to have a shot from 25 yards out. He almost hits the corner flag. This is pure farce from perspective and wonderful from an increasing influence on the slides a low cross into the middle. It ricochets around the area and falls to His shot is poor but attempted clearance clatters against the unwitting shins and rebounds past the helpless Outplayed in the first Arsenal lead and are on their way to winning the group. scores an own goal and the second goal for Arsenal 59 Arsenal win a couple of corners. trots across to the right to take a second. a deep but not a particularly good one. 57 This is really opening up now and when an Arsenal move breaks leads a counterattack down the left. He finds who beats three players. But not a fourth. His drive is smothered and turn to attack. They steam down the right and the into the area by headed away from but comes to who brings the ball down and shoots. heading towards the far corner but it hits a defender. 55 attempt to turn the screw after that but Arsenal deal with their efforts easily enough. Then they break. ambles down the right and pulls him picking up a booking that will rule him out of the next game. 54 It almost worth it. The 25 yards from goal. runs over it and leaves it to who wallops it the ball wobbling and dipping viciously through the leaving rooted to the spot and mightily relieved to see it bounce off the bar and over. What an 52 does a and overruns the ball in a dangerous inviting to press and nip in. The hurtles towards the Arsenal area and desperately brings him down. The referee waits to see if the going to run to When it he awards a and books reason it was worth it if the comes to nothing. 49 decides to liven things up with a sharp pass to who manages to get the ball under control. While I and other neutrals appreciated the sentiment from unlikely his did. 48 been a slow start to the second with neither side able to string that many passes together yet. 46 get the second half underway. As it the record matter if this game finishes it will be all about goal difference. is superior by three goals. The potential problem for Arsenal is that play or not the defender made contact I say this as a did that thing where he stretched his leg out as if he had actually been says Castle. contact was totally irrelevant to what elected to do. a thing these On second maybe it a My first reaction on watching a replay was that it was a preposterous dive from but there may well have been a touch from On Wright reckons there was enough contact. So does inclined to agree. a suggestion that were actually furious with for diving. have another look in a minute. It was certainly a moronic decision from to go to ground. Arsenal are level. been have been brilliant. The side deservedly led through only to get a bit too cocky right at the end of the allowing Arsenal to through The back in court now. With the final kick off the half and first shot on strokes the ball into the bottom right corner with his left foot. dives the wrong way and Arsenal are scores from the penalty spot 45 a delay before the penalty can be taken. A broken Arsenal furious with for delaying the kick. The camera appears to show hitting out at but no action is taken. Now then. Can 45 Just as we all start to coo over confidence on the around near his own area and loses it to Arsenal spring into life at last and works the ball to on the right of the area. Looking to make steams in with a preposterous challenge just as cuts inside. He brings the down and a clear penalty. Shades of Man City v is fouled by

most senior law officer has ordered an investigation into an alleged scandal involving one of prime minister closest confidants over a controversial deal to buy affair which has dominated headlines for days involves allegations of a serious conflict of interest in the purchase of the submarines. At the heart of the issue is a claim that personal was representing the arms manufacturer making the submarines at the same time was pushing for the submarine the allegations are that purchased the new submarines for the navy over the objections of his own and who is also a relative of the prime minister have insisted they never spoke about business relationship in the submarine the inquiry was ordered after new information emerged both in the media and in a related the company behind the submarine said last week it believed there was no misconduct in the on Channel 10 disclosed an email it claimed is proof that used his close relationship to to lobby for the manufacturer with at least one official a claim strenuously denied by to reports in the the inquiry was also prompted by new information that emerged from the case of a second senior official who was arrested last week on charges of deputy National Security Council head was arrested earlier this month on suspicion of taking bribes. The order of an inquiry represents a face by the attorney who suggested last week that it was not necessary. a justice ministry statement said that after police received new information on met senior the state prosecutor and senior justice the end of the discussion the attorney general decided to order an examination by the police regarding various aspects related to the it said. It gave no further details and did not indicate who might be the maintains he was unaware his lawyer was advising the and defended the acquisition at weekly cabinet meeting. principle that guides me is will be able to defend itself by itself against any in any he said. security of requires the acquisition of submarines and the renewal of the submarine fleet. These are strategic weapons systems that ensure the future I tell the very existence of the state of for decades to East and North on on via on on on on on this content

A coroner is investigating the circumstances surrounding the sudden deaths of three all believed to be first at one of top universities within weeks of the new academic year the causes of the deaths will have to be established by the tribute and pages for two of the three suggested they had taken their own University of Bristol said the deaths were not being treated as suspicious and were not connected but it would carry out its own investigations to find out if lessons could be to a survey by the National Union of Students published last eight out of 10 students said they had experienced mental health issues in the previous year and a third said they had had suicidal of the students who died has been named as from who was just three weeks into her first term. An page set up to raise money for the charity which works to prevent young people from killing said had died three days after she to take her own Bristol student deaths highlight campus crisis in mental health Read message on the page suffered with depression and anxiety a lot of her teenage life We blame the stigma of her illness for her death. It restricted the help she the support and the She was studying philosophy and was a member of the Jazz Funk Soul Bristol according to an email to students from the union announcing her said support was available for students and grief and understanding what has happened will affect us all differently. is important to let this happen in its own time. Talk to each to your to your residence pastoral team and to your second first year student who died was the law student from in On an tribute page his family have lost our loveliest and only son. took his own life last week. He was considerate to the end by leaving us a loving letter which helps us to respect and accept his choice. May he rest in A university spokesperson we can confirm there have been three unrelated student deaths this term. These events are always extremely upsetting and our thoughts are with the families and student welfare services are offering support to anyone affected. It would be inappropriate for us to comment on the cause of these deaths until the coroner has undertaken independent although we understand that there are no suspicious circumstances surrounding University of Bristol has around 22,000 students. We of be investigating if there is anything we need to do to learn from these sad events but we have no reason to believe they represent a wider University student living said the was working hard to improve pastoral university can be extremely difficult. Some new students are without their support networks from home for the first and will be experiencing new academic and social fees mean that students are also increasingly under a great deal of financial with many taking on work alongside their studies. Many people will also experience complex mental health regardless of their of on on via on on on on on this content

embattled transport minister has to passengers who have had bad experience on our while insisting had learned lessons as he made an emergency statement to hours after commuters faced severe disruption because of a damaged overhead power the minister for transport and the has come under increasing pressure in recent months as a of overcrowding and disruption caused by major works from the franchise has caused chaos across the an emergency statement on was accused by critics of trying to avoid scrutiny while political attention was focused on the autumn statement in Twitter was accused of being out of touch. considered a rising star of had been mocked as out of touch after claiming earlier this week that were not experiencing a poor service in comparison with the rest of the while train union last week called for him to be minister was then accused of trying to deflect attention from his own performance by announcing during a television interview on that he planned to invite unions and other political parties to talks on setting up a public sector train told that while he did not intend to underplay the slide in service overall performance for the last year since Dutch firm took over the franchise had been higher than the current average of told actions we are taking and the transformation we have planned underlines this commitment to improving the service received. That is why I instructed an improvement was ordered to produce a performance improvement plan in after punctuality and reliability fell below expected standards. took over the franchise last year on a contract that includes a break clause that has said he would consider invoking. have accelerated to upgrade key track and for example at central station. This points and circuits are being renewed at and while is being spent to improve fleet is that is from we have introduced more services to and from and are details to provide more carriages on service on the Borders minister added that he stood by his invitation to discuss a bid for the franchise at a later he faced further criticism as he set out a series of actions and including 200 extra carriages by 2019 and 70 new electric trains from 2017 on the main none of which amounted to new announcements or involved fresh funding. transport had lots of promises to make about the future but very little to say about what action he was taking to deliver a better service for passengers now. What the minister announced today will do little to placate passengers facing a miserable commute this side of Calling on the minister to publish his improvement plan in full and make a commitment to when services would get facts are that demanded an improvement plan and then services have become worse. His handling of the rail crisis has seen him fall out with Network Rail and the transport also hit back at suggestions that it was profiting from poor services. It made public an email it had sent to which of that money has been reinvested in the so you will understand our frustration that this fact is occasionally misrepresented. The notion that money is somehow being spirited to the is not true and we will robustly challenge any suggestion to the of told that the firm was dealing with a legacy of underinvestment and attempting to keep people moving at the same time. He believe it is unrealistic to expect the scale of infrastructure investment and to be undertaken largest of its kind since with little or no disruption to the National party on on via on on on on on this content

In some parts of higher contact hours have become synonymous with quality. Students want more of as the annual student academic experience survey highlights year after year. Universities point to them when showing applicants that they offer value for money. And the government is considering including a measure of contact hours in the Teaching Excellence Framework a that actually measured teaching excellence... Read it is not that simple. courses with some of the most satisfied students have the fewest contact hours theology and religious So when measuring how good a course should we look at contact hours at If more is not necessarily how should universities decide the right amount of contact or are massive variations in workload across subjects particularly in the mix of contact time and independent study. This is a concern for some especially those on humanities courses who have only a couple of contact hours a and compare themselves to friends studying medicine or dentistry. But difficult to make value on this basis. Not all contact hours are the same class sizes and teaching vary hugely. Research funded by the Quality Assurance Agency found that students did not want more contact time if it simply meant more large lectures. When asked what would help them select a students wanted to know if they would be taught by trained teaching staff in small settings. Focusing on measuring contact time runs the risk of obsessing about the number of rather than the quality or the importance of activities and work the findings from the Engagement Survey provide further evidence that simply allocating more classes to students might not benefit asked students to their development of academic skills such as writing and critical thinking. It also asked them about the extent to which they engage with different educationally purposeful such as interacting with staff and other how challenging their course how they have spent their time and what they feel they have gained from their experience. dump the pointless metrics and take a hard look at Read study indicated that not just the amount of time spent with tutors that matters also the time spent studying individually. The students who were most successful at developing their academic skills were those who had a balance of contact independent study and engagement with activities. This supports the findings of previous graduate which show that students who take part in more work outside of their course are more employable. Not only are they more likely to get they also tend to get better jobs. found that beneficial activities include participating in sports and doing volunteer work and having caring responsibilities. All of these activities help students to develop key skills and in some surprising ways. Students are more likely to develop their academic skills if they are doing paid work. Having a job can force students to schedule their time and studying when they can and keep them from having too many late nights out. lessons learned from caring can help students develop key critical thinking and and volunteering has a positive impact on civic skills but an even larger one on to judge quality Given the variation in contact hours between clear no one single measure for quality. Institutions should be able to tailor their offering to meet the unique needs of their and not fit into a the Teaching Excellence Framework be Read if student applicants have a right to know about contact surely they also need to know what activities are on offer to undergraduates and how universities support students who choose to take Some of this is explored in the data but more research is is now running a series of pilot projects that will explore different ways of measuring student progress and the types of institutional conditions that help support student success. The projects are still but already they highlight the need for a variety of metrics to be used when judging the quality of different subjects and the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and on on via on on on on on this content

Cox may have been petite she was at least or on a good joked her during a but to all who knew her she was a towering and not just in remembers a younger firing out emails to friends ahead of trekking ordering one person to carry huge blocks of cheddar another to stock up on that and someone else to bring along bags of found guilty of Cox murder Read they would be some of them amateurs in the trail of energetic and her tireless on a sleeper train that would spit them out in remote parts of to tackle yet another memories are of lugging along a rucksack twice the size of which would stretch down below her knees as she marched along and singing folk songs. rucksack to body mass ratio she was unquestionably the most says laughing sadly about what she says are among the most special memories of her life. Twitter sort of person like to spend your life she remembers a simple and touching image of after giving birth to her first that she feels sums her of her friend standing under a rain breastfeeding her at the top of a was not just in but in could have mastered the Inaccessible Pinnacle and then abseiled down while fighting morning sickness from a pregnancy that had just and had a dream to climb all the together. During a painful he reached the top of what would have been her 100th placing her hat at the top and insisting that she would have the the snow and the hatred that led to murder Cox Read of her friends keep returning to the same themes as they talk of of a woman with the perfect mix of idealism and who knew nothing of tribalism but would instead share her conviction that politics could change the world with politicians of any who cared deeply for and to whom family and daughter and were everything. And no friend who shows the slightest hint of surprise about that final act of revealed in of protecting her colleagues with the shout of away you two let him hurt husband said is who was very adds a fellow MP who had known since they worked together as parliamentary researchers in the always putting others before herself. Not a shred of Twitter We will respond to hatred with says a close friend and one of 15 best women at her who has been alongside her family at the tells a similar energy for life was her humanity and genuine desire for good she says. of all she was a mum who deeply loved her children and wanted the world to be a better place for all remembers the last time they when very the kids had been poorly and she wondered if she really was making a difference. I just want to say to at the The world is so much better for having had you in Cox obituary Read running through it was fairness. She talks of and being a rare couple who out their getting married on a remote followed by a camping and then making a barge their they raised their children on a houseboat named after a folk song which was moored in east near Tower Bridge. And every year on the summer solstice they would invite more than 100 friends and dozens of children to their remote cottage by the Welsh border. It had no electricity or water and guests carried drinks and food by foot or describes her friend as a joyful person who was grounded by her deeply and who to She was deeply passionate about driving change from journeys to witness the injustices in to fighting to get more women into positions of to the civilian suffering in or the sorrowful stories of loneliness in that were to become her key campaigns in parliament. Twitter This would have been 100th She would have loved the the snow and the said her about was infused with a touch of where she grew up with a mother who was a school secretary and a father who was a factory worker. There was nothing metropolitan or elite about the upbringing of a woman who would go on to study at and become a passionate campaigner for the before heading to to work with the and then for work as head of policy for the global charity turned heads across the sectors and politics. And a friend who worked with called her an amazing mentor who constantly tried to help support those around later moved to work for White Ribbon focused on maternal and then chaired the which aimed to drive up the number of female After having two she was looking to set up a aimed at helping women to and represent themselves. In her she was emailing friends asking for advice about not just but men and to take she was given the chance to go for a job that had always been the to represent her home constituency of and And she spilled into parliament with an excitement and enthusiasm that inspired all those around from dozens on the benches to many whom she worked with across the like MP who called her a bundle of built friendships as if it were her job. She always wanted us to have a plan to be better better better friends to each says the MP Jess who says she misses her friend every and whom she still imagines running in huge heels down the halls. shared an office with fellow MP a friend from her days in when she worked for his mother. He remembers the laugh and infectious good of a What would think he often imagining her arriving at work after the election of Trump. would be the hell is happening in our What should we be and does it mean about the values we They would have had a field day over the suggestion of ambassador he from and and parliamentary make it clear how much her motherhood was spread through her work. remembers fondly reading to the children in the while talks of school holidays when they would to vote in the chamber. Price remembers a parliamentary party where and the children raced through their faces painted as tigers as they roared at each other. Now will be remembered by the Cox whose sums up what will be of the joys of was that she cared about a huge raft of issues domestic and international. The thing that connects them is start with was her drive to focus on civilian protection in and on loneliness in the as well as her passion about getting more women into public service and anything that could be done to make more family campaigns will draw on comment that diverse communities in had in that that which divides them. most recent tweet reminds people that would not want to rest in but forever be an activist and passionate force for good in the director of policy at Save the Children and a close the midst of our grief we want to be but not She some but was humanity itself funny and strong. She never just said do you always should we On any whether it was getting more women into politics or dealing with appalling attacks on civilians around the ever thought the path was please remember her as a but as somebody always in always creating always pushing us to do and be better. left with our memories and her example as a guide in the years on on via on on on on on this content

We seem to be fascinated with the and get enough so how come his play Henry VIII is never Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and

All bathroom cleansers say they can kill of known germs. What is this germ that has a charmed Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and

been quite a year and nearly over. Throughout the ups and downs of who in the world has given you Who has kept a cool head and a warm heart in the most challenging of Who has overcome difficulties to make a contribution that has had real Who has been working tirelessly for years or decades to make the world a bit of a better heroes of 2015 Read the second year in a accepting nominations for heroes. working with the US alliance of the international the global alliance for civil society and the to celebrate the superstars of nominate your contribute via at the link above or email with in the subject are you nominating one submission per What have they done to impress you this Be specific and forget a photograph of your read about heroes and see the highlights of this nominations on the just are now closed. in on on via on on on on on this content

I understand the rules of the if any player takes a set they cannot then touch the ball until another player writes if a penalty taker hits the post or bar and follows up on the rebound before anyone an indirect would be given to the defending team. Despite this being a plausible I ever remember it happening. Has it ever Is there any grainy video footage of it including angry baffled players advising the referee on where his whistle should be grounds named after the very long dead The Knowledge Read a word yes. Plenty. But two examples seem to have stuck in the minds of Knowledge readers more than most. in then Peter came a cropper against United at Road. Brook was far from the only reader to email about but as he was and the first to provide requested grainy let him take over from response to indeed it writes had the pleasure of witnessing the baffled Peter watch his goal get disallowed after he hit his penalty against the post and scored from the rebound at Road in As an John shirt is a delightful added years later Teddy provided supporters with a reason to chuckle making his United back at White Hart Lane as fate would have he failed to convert from the spot in front of the Sky Sports cameras. Over to you by no means the only reader to recall 10 August Teddy took a penalty on his United debut at White Hart Lane against the Spurs side he left that summer. To the delight of the home he rattled it against the post and hammered the rebound over the bar. the rebound would not have counted had it gone because of the above And here is more grainy footage. Twitter Teddy did not enjoy a happy homecoming at White Hart Lane in 1997. also was also able to bring our attention to a more recent example. comes from last writes Max. his side trailing 2-0 against took a penalty late on. With the ball cannoning back off the and landing perfectly at he takes a touch before hammering home. The referee then disallows the goal leading to some bemused faces and indignant and flagged up poor old whose rebound effort for United against in 2012 was disallowed as it turns out. thumped one against the bar and turned the ball home after it bounces back to but while the referee appears to have paid plenty of attention at referee the goalkeeper later confessed to getting a touch on the thereby making the goal perfectly legal. went on to win 2-0 to at least soften the blow for Corners are also relevant here. as there was high controversy in 1-0 win over in 1952. corner struck the rebounded back to him and he immediately swung over a cross for to head the winner. The referee ought to have blown for an indirect but instead the goal went down by three points that season while Spurs were commenting in the for their next home decision is and even if we have been the gainers in this instance there have been previous cases in which we have been the grainy footage on this occasion has proved here is a demonstration on precisely what to do should you be a and strike your effort against as shown by courtesy of penalty is the highest number of penalties scored by a player in a single domestic asks United in Northern top have defensive midfielder Tony of and who has scored nine penalties in his 18 games so far this season. What is the record to is undoubtedly prolific from the it appears he still has a way to go before he can usurp a former attacking who made his international debut in a 2-0 win over England in has a record for his club side as from informs us. scored 17 of his 23 goals in the 86-87 season in from the penalty spot. His were eliminated on penalties in their against and it was then that missed his first penalty of the A bear with a sore no and Wanderers hall of who can boast a whopping 20 penalties in a single according to the season international scored 42 league goals in 30 games for Sporting From those 16 came from penalties. He scored 20 penalties in all that if we include three in the domestic cup and one in the Twitter was lethal from the spot in the 2001-02 season. a got Bull off West tweets Savage. he got a stand named after him. Any more standees who played for arch sure be inundated with people saying that Forest have a stand named after who was a legendary manager and won the league at their arch rivals Derby not sure what he did at joshes and indeed he is we have been inundated with emails. And as Miller points the question asked for the names of players who had stands named after them after playing for their arch my Forest have two stands named after people who managed the club after managing Derby together and has another and an equally valid one. would be hard to beat Sir Busby. An icon at United having not only a stand but also a street outside the ground named after he also played successfully for City for eight years as well as captaining where he played for five years wartime continues the but also brings our attention to at also have a statue of Law who signed for Man City after leaving United. But these count as outside the ground. In the known as is occupied by rivals and turned out for both sides in his playing although he is far more of a legend at Inter than So both clubs have their whole stadium named after someone who played for their fiercest who just so happens to be the same in enjoyed a spell at in the before going on to enjoy legendary status at where the Fair Play stand is named after him. Watt played for between 1965 and he later went on to become the most successful manager in the history and a reporter live on In 2011 the Fair Play was renamed after with the shirt numbers to match their names The Knowledge Read your 3-0 win over where all three goals were writes was wondering if anyone knows what is the highest scoring match where all goals scored were suffice it to say that as impressive a feat as was against three headed goals is the not the most scored in one match. City the 1998 vintage triumphed 4-0 away to Derby County in the Premier with headed goals from and And they were 4-0 up in the opening 15 Thanks to for bringing that one to our attention. But even the Foxes must play second fiddle to Oxford who headed six of their best in a 6-0 drubbing of in as Graham informs sponsors City have been sponsored by three different car makers in and points out a couple of weeks back. another club beat them for number of different car has an emphatic answer. have been sponsored by four different car and friend insists there is a specific word for the goal that takes a team from being 2-0 down to 2-1 wrote Hall in before was part of the parlance of our this word exist and what is mate is almost spot is the score that reduces a deficit to just one goal so not only does it apply to the one that takes a team from being 2-0 down to 2-1 but also to the goal that makes it 3-2 rather than 4-3 instead of of opens up a whole new avenue of exploration terms in other languages to describe very specific occurrences in football. We went through them in detail back in from the to in Can you watching the derby and it occurred to me that Inter have been sponsored by for as long as I can writes this the longest running active shirt If not who and which holds the all time see Serge scored a on his international observes wondering how many other players have achieved this or even exceeded And if any of them had also been sold by Arsenal for a criminally small amount of switched to a 3-4-3 formation at in their defeat at they have now scored 17 goals without conceding one. What is the highest amount of goals scored without concession over a series of games exclude crazy scores like 36-0 for asks was recently reading to my son a novel about a football team. This team goes to a cup tournament and wins the first match 3-2 thanks to three own mails then win the 1-0 thanks to an own goal. And the book ends with the final being thanks to an own goal. So my question has there been a team who have played three consecutive where all their goals are scored by opposition your questions and answers to or on on via on on on on on this content

A growing number of academics and activists are calling for US authorities to fully audit or recount the 2016 presidential election vote in key battleground in case the results could have been skewed by foreign loose which is urging campaign to join its is preparing to deliver a report detailing its concerns to congressional committee chairs and federal authorities early next according to two people new special what does want from Read which is currently 18 pages focuses on concerns about the results in the states of and interested in verifying the said an adviser to the US election assistance commission and expert on electronic voting. need to have ballot is understood to have contributed analysis to the effort but declined to the precise nature of her second group of led by the National Voting Rights Institute founder John and Professor the director of the University of center for computer security and is also taking part in the push for a and has been in contact with a early on said paper ballots and voting equipment should be examined in and warning that deadlines were rapidly approaching. nobody is ever going to examine that evidence unless candidates in those states act in the next several to petition for he said. The developments follow surprise defeat to Trump in the 8 and come after US intelligence authorities released public assessments that hackers were behind intrusions into regional electoral computer systems and the theft of emails from Democratic officials before the election. Twitter Voters at the community in Trump has racked up reportedly disproportionate votes in counties using electronic voting. consistently led Trump in public opinion polls for months preceding election day in all three narrowly lost and and may yet lose where a final result has still not been about has on apparently disproportionate wins that were racked up by Trump in counties using electronic voting compared with those that used only paper ballots. The apparent disparities were first widely earlier this month by a journalist for the the polling expert and founder of cast significant doubt over this theory on stating that the difference disappeared after race and education which most closely tracked voting shifts were controlled and several other election analysts have dismissed suggestions that the swing state vote counts give cause for concern about the integrity of the dozens of professors in and elections have in the past two days signed an open letter to congressional leaders stating that they are by previous reports of foreign and requesting swift action by country needs a public congressional investigation into the role that foreign powers played in the months leading up to the academics said in their while noting they did not mean to the of the election the University of computer security noted that this is the deadline for requesting a recount in where winning margin stands at In where his margin is the deadline falls on In where the Trump lead is currently just the deadline is 30 Twitter Why elected congressmen including Senator Graham of South and Representative of have already called for deeper inquiries into the full extent of interference with the election experts and academics have been in communication with Democratic operatives and people who worked on bid for the White who are being urged to officially request recounts in states where a candidate may do magazine reported that a conference call has taken place between the activists and John campaign and the acting Democratic National Committee have privately mused about the integrity of the election according to two sources familiar with the senior Democrats are said to be intensely reluctant to suggest there were irregularities in the result because and her team Trump so sharply during the campaign for claiming that the election would be against others have spoken including the sister of closest aide. shift of just 55,000 Trump votes to in MI is all that is needed to said on urging people to call the justice department to request an a former consultant who during the campaign investigated links between and manager is also participating in the attempt to secure recounts or person who received the most votes free from interference or tampering needs to be in the White said may well be but further due diligence is required to ensure that democracy is not and why did millions of US voters sit out the Read to people activists had previously urged the Green party presidential to use rules in some states allowing any candidate on the ballot to request a review of the result. Stein is understood to have citing in part a lack of party funds that would be required to finance such a a joint statement issued last the office of the director of national intelligence and the department for homeland security said they were that the theft of emails from the and from which were published by was directed by the states have also recently seen scanning and probing of their which in most cases originated from servers operated by a the statement went on. we are not now in a position to attribute this activity to the on whether the agencies had confidence that the election itself had been a spokesman for the office of the director of national intelligence colleagues at the department for homeland security are best positioned to address spokesman for the department for homeland did not respond to requests for elections on on via on on on on on this content

immigration has excoriated the current occupant of the Peter branding his recent reflection on the immigration policies of the and declaring the Liberal party long since ceased to be Twitter What was immigration policy under statement on followed incendiary observation in question time on that should not have let into in the because a small number of people in subsequent generations had been charged with praises Peter after remarks Read prime minister on declined three opportunities to rebuke for his praising the immigration performance in the portfolio. Twitter evades question on declared in his statement that had hit a new low in standards of recent immigration and accused him of deliberately chasing headlines via an interview with the the News Corp and Sky News government international law and said in the statement. the government onwards these have been increasingly placed in the same category as the One Nation who opposes and declaring them alarmist and he said the community anger in response to the immigration comments was words offended especially as they attacked for whom they have profound respect and whose policies enabled them to integrate with and expand the understanding of other of the diversified culture that has due to the contribution of migrants and he prime minister used a national security statement to parliament on to argue an was a vital element in countering the rise of violent extremism. told parliament terrorist groups sought to identify weakness and vulnerability and to and exploit fear and and that target particular sections in society merely play into their hands. We are one of the most successful multicultural societies in the I have said many the glue that holds us together is mutual respect the recognition that each of us is entitled to the same the same dignity and Labor took the opportunity of the security statement and a separate debate in the federation chamber to for his Labor Bill accused of engaging in lazy and he said the immigration observation about migrants was said the comments had the potential to and abet the isolation and resentment that the extremists pray comments just a repudiation of the success of a nation made great by migration and multiculturalism. The his ignorant contradict and undermine and fly in the face of every briefing I have ever received from our security agencies who explain to us how best to counter about defeating the federation Labor Tony said you had to go back to the time of the White policy to find a minister making an argument that particular communities should be excluded from entry on the basis of race or said the comments from gave a people sense of and permission to abuse their fellow and he said that abuse had already said he believed statement would win him but said it was time for political leaders to lead and bring the country and to cease equivocations about multiculturalism. A multicultural was either a concept you signed up to or backbencher and expert who was born in not has received death threats on her page which are currently being investigated by the Federal has also been the subject of abusive email sent to her office on with the subject line says the was right. Pack your bags and piss off back to where you came from and take all of your terrorist faith with immigration and on on via on on on on on this content

The space suit is only a few layers of plastic and metallic material. a very thin plastic shield covering your a few your visor. Between your body and the other side of that plastic visor is instant an amazing outside in the cosmos. Life in space is very interesting. in some ways similar to Earth busy and you have a schedule you have to follow but one overriding thing that is unlike anything on and that is weightlessness. Two crewed space stations now orbiting Earth Read is like this force. It just envelops everything. Everything floats. The instant that the rocket engines shut down on your space you were born on you had a year or two to learn how to and really three or five years to learn how to walk and run. But when an the second the engines shut you have to learn how to float. There is a steep learning most astronauts are learning for several weeks and often a month or two before you get as good as you a fun process. You move with your hands and you carry things with your which is the opposite of how we were designed on Earth. It was really for lack of a better to learn how to do food in space is actually pretty good much better than what I cook by myself. also fruit oranges they look pretty bad because kind of but they smell amazing. The space station is this sterile very plastic and metal and every never any ever messy. always like a very sterile. So great to have smells from day I was floating through and I heard a bird chirping and I the heck is and I stopped and I went back. The psychologist had sent an file with sounds from and he was listening to birds chirp while he exercised. We had a rain sound sent up and I spent about a month going to bed at night with my headset just listening to rain as I fell asleep. Twitter Moon over the South China photographed from the International Space Station. Terry weekend we took all the laptops in the station probably 20 or 30 laptops and we put rain on through and all weekend it rained. It was really cool at first but by night we were like enough so we went around and turned the rain is a big part of life in space because and when weightless your muscles and bones atrophy. So they have this exercise protocol of running on a you put on a shoulder and bungees that pull you down. The treadmill is on the wall. You have to learn how to run in this weird but over time I got to a point where I could run very which was really cool. a bike which is interesting because no handlebars and no just some pedals. You just kind of float there and and watch your show. After 200 days of more than half of a I came back to Earth and had lost of my bone density. I was amazed. To the space station had shown that humans can live and work in space for a long period of time at least 200 days and come back to Earth in great shape. While I was in passed away from Star Trek. We were doing these space three space walks in a and my friend from emailed me and gotta do something for So I ran down to the I did the I took a and I tweeted the background there is which just happens to be his home down. Terry a fighter pilot we had a rather be lucky than good. And this was an example of that. It was just completely it was not I just happened to take this picture with home town in the background. It was a wonderful piece of fate my first space I launched at four in the morning. Both my launches were at four in the morning. If ever going to a great time to go shoot for four in the the views are great. About 15 minutes later we were going over the North in the daylight and I saw this blue atmosphere. And I never seen that shade of blue never expected seeing a that I had never seen before but that was my first impression of Earth in the never seen that shade of blue Twitter seen from the International Space Station. Terry pictures of sunrises and sunsets never got but the camera does not capture them well enough. I want to learn how to paint so that I can paint what I we were in a rocket blew up the same one that launches crew. So they delayed our replacement crew while they did an investigation. We know how long we were going to be up there. But my mentality in going to enjoy and then have the rest of my life to be on Earth. And that just knowing that there would be an end to and to try to enjoy it while I you launch with a rocket filled with millions of pounds of rocket the word really apply. Even just being in space if a meteorite hits your spaceship and puts a big hole in all the air will go out. You live with the danger of that happening. In the space station there are three kinds of air leak or ammonia. And we had the ammonia alarm go off for the first time it had never happened in the history of the space station. our most serious alarm because ammonia is a very deadly chemical. They told us in you can smell worry about because going to how bad it is. That alarm went off. We spent several hours hiding on the side with the hatch closed because the use only the side does thinking that the space station was possibly dead. Had there really been an ammonia leak it would have ended while we were there. It turned out a few hours later that it was a false alarm. But that was probably one of my most scary moments. The most amazing for was the lightning on Earth. One of my things to do in space was just to float. I would go into the which is this module that I had the privilege of installing in 2010 on a space shuttle flight. I would open up all the window shades if we were passing over or because there are all these amazing thunderstorms in the Pacific too. I would put on this song called Storms of put that on the speakers and I would let go of the handles and just watching these storms. kind of hard to recreate those moments. Sleeping in space is amazing. We had a sleeping bag and we had a little like a phone booth. I would get in my sleeping bag and zip it up. I sleep with my arms some people sleep with their arms sticking up. I would pull the sleeping bag over my and then I would not myself to the wall or put on the bungee I would just float in my little cabin. And every morning I would be turned around in a because the air flow would spin me around like that. meteorite recovered from farm in Western Read were a few times in space where I of Earth. I would dream of or or weather. Weather was something that I really missed a lot. Every once in a while it was really cool to dream of just something messy because the station was so sterile or some cold rain. Anything that was not sterile. The space station was a wonderful place to live on a great never anything wrong but sometimes you want something wrong. what makes us human. Space on on via on on on on on this content

University is under increasing pressure to issue a for appearing to threaten its students with disciplinary action if they took part in street protests. The university has for an email it sent last week warning students at its campus not to take part in the which have called for greater government transparency and accountability following a misappropriation sent by the registrar of University suggested the gatherings may be and warned students against any are advised not to participate in any illegal activity which contravenes he wrote. student found to be participating in such or who is arrested by the authorities for doing so may be subjected to disciplinary Twitter Thousands march in demanding prime minister email was widely interpreted as a threat by students in and many took to social attacking the university for undermining their democratic rights. Following a significant backlash the university issued an apology the next stating that the email not properly convey the intent of the University provides an unreserved apology for the wording of the recently issued communication to University students regarding illegal it intent of the message was to remind students that taking part in unlawful assembly is contrary to the laws of and students need to be aware of the consequences of undertaking unlawful who do participate in such activities may be subjected to criminal charges by the authorities as students need to consider carefully their participation in such university appeared to suggest the email was sent out of concern for the safety and welfare of its students. But the apology appears to have done little to temper and current students took to to voice their disapproval of the this is very a former said. are precisely not empowering your students if you threaten them with disciplinary action when they are trying to participate in a democratic is incredibly disappointing. The right to peaceful assembly is written in our a bit rich preaching integrity to a bunch of young people who are trying to hold government accountable for its lack protesters seek to shut news portal accused of trying to unseat PM Read public signed by academics from and called on to issue a and a group representing in issued a statement on demanding the university retract its apparent threat and issue a full apology. The said the university needed to issue a proper apology and discipline the registrar said the university faced a boycott from students. implication is that the university could be said to be opposed to freedom of speech and which is he said. is totally contrary to values expounded by successive governments and the wider community for University has totally compromised its standing in academic communities around the a standing that has been irrevocably damaged by the threat of disciplinary on on via on on on on on this content

Trump has disavowed the white nationalist movement which dubs itself the and which rallied around his but vigorously defended his former campaign chairman and newly appointed White House chief a man accused of fanning the flames of white want to energize the and I disavow the Trump said at a meeting with a group of New Times in response to a question from the executive Dean if they are energized I want to look into it and find out Trump said. Twitter the strategist behind travel selection of the executive chairman of the website News deepened the fears of liberal activists that the Trump administration would embolden and enable racists and misogynists of the known a long time. If I thought he was a racist or or any of the the terms we could I even think about hiring said Trump on according to journalists in is just a publication. They cover stories like you cover stories. They are certainly a much more conservative to put it than the New Times. But really is a news organization that has become quite successful. got and it does cover subjects on the but it covers subjects on the left also. a pretty big said according to a tweet from Times political reporter Twitter Demonstrators in New protest appointment of executive chairman of the website as his chief strategist. M Times journalists also quizzed Trump on his commitment to free the first amendment of the constitution. think be he billed as a lunchtime discussion between New Times journalists and five members of the Trump campaign including the was contentious from its inception. Hours before the meeting was scheduled to the abruptly canceled claiming on Twitter that the which he called and had changed the and of the meeting. The newspaper confirmed the meeting was back on just hours J. Trump today's meeting with the failing when the terms and conditions of the meeting were changed at the last moment. Not meeting was attended by 23 editors and columnists and four members of campaign team. It covered topics ranging from what Trump perceives as the treatment of to the roles his children and business will play in his to and climate who tweeted in 2012 that global warming was a hoax by and for the in order to harm US acknowledged on that climate change had connection to human think there is some connectivity. something. It depends on how he according to tweets from reporters. He also added he was concerned about climate change mitigation and much it will cost our climate Trump says he now has an about accord Read asked if Trump plans to withdraw from international climate such as the he looking at it very closely. I have an open mind to also altered his stance on his former rival Despite having regularly referred to as a criminal who deserved jail time during his a notion echoed by chants of her during his Trump confirmed he does not intend to jail for her use of a private email server during her time as secretary of inclination would be for whatever power I have on the matter is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so ad said the up be very divisive for the said according to reporters in was also quizzed by editors and reporters about his own conflicts of interest with his a large real estate totally on my the president have a conflict of said according to political reporter theory I could run my business perfectly and then run the country perfectly. never been a case like said noting that he is delegating the running to his children in order to focus on the far on on via on on on on on this content

There is currently no shortage of commentators staring in the mirror and finding clarity in the ascension of Trump. I offer myself as Exhibit who saw the train wreck approaching come to the post with a little more credibility. None more so than who in wrote a piece entitled Why the White Working Class Abandoned the Democratic former Labor Secretary in the first White House pointed the finger at both Bill and for on campaign promises to make it easier to form unions. He argued the failure to these pledges had contributed to the decline in union numbers from of the private sector in 1992 to just today. Democrats once represented the working class. Not any more Read decline in union membership not only made it harder to fight the forces of that created the populist backlash through less secure jobs and lower incomes. It has also made it harder to these workers politically and get out to vote when it mattered. Well before hostile takeover of the Republican predicted the conditions were open for a candidate to draw workers away from a Democratic Party that had been a willing architect of so many of these difficulties. latest book Saving Capitalism is essential he dissects how the fundamentals of capitalism rules of market bankruptcy and have been rewritten over the past 30 years for the benefit of the very rich. But the sting in his analysis is how this shift in power has been allowed to occur the increasing sophistication around the corporate lobbying machine and the decline of what calls the of the rest of argues this countervailing power existed in the business association and community groups that people used to belong to that at a local level to demand their interests be and balanced the demands of capital. Countervailing power also existed in the grassroots bases of the political that kept representatives anchored to their community. As these groups have become weaker with fewer people political parties have become corporate driven by the interests of their new constituency with the only truly effective political activism now coming from the top in this Essential Report confirm the decline in countervailing power is not a purely you currently a member or have you ever been a member of any of the following the decline in membership of unions is well these figures show they are not alone in experiencing declining density churches to sporting school councils to environmental groups and of course the disappearing political party on every category there are more people who had previously been a member than are members than half of the respondents say they are currently not a member of any on this while a quarter say they have never been a member of any of these Ask people why they are not joining and the plot you agree or disagree with the following of all respondents say they have the time to spare outside home and work duties. More than one third say irregular hours mean they commit to These reduced job security and longer workers hours are part of the vicious cycle of the reduced power of working people to actively pursue their responses also pick up a sense of inevitability in the decline of countervailing power with nearly a half saying they just even while they accept the decline in groups is not a positive the absence of traditional structures some have put their faith in communities to fill the with its viral and taking politics to a higher level of are committed and smart activists doing their best to create structures that can exercise countervailing power but the challenges are profound and fundamental. A Get email petition is not the same as coordinated campaign by a representative nor is a group by the same power dynamics as a bricks and mortar community avoid the needs solidarity Van Read might sound analogue but virtual networks have been found wanting when it comes to winning on the issues that from climate change to asylum the noise has not translated into positive they have been useful vehicles for building coalitions in support of the issue of the but then they are on to the issue of tomorrow with equal levels of energy and why a strong trade union movement and industry environmental groups and churches too not only promote the interests of their members but make the broader society more stable and resilient to populist also why the government fixation on weakening the through the and making the obligations of union officials akin to professional company directors has a broader political is a society that find ways for citizens to be active through structures is a vulnerable society. And if you want a true act of resistance in these a first step might be to join something. trade on on via on on on on on this content

Trump has in effect dropped his threat to jail a prospect that frequently roused supporters to chant her and led critics to compare him to leaders of authoritarian Trump drops threat of criminal investigation into live Read told the New Times on that it would be to pursue criminal investigations into the former secretary of state over her use of a private email server or conflicts of interest involving her foundation. His conciliatory tone provoked a backlash from some want to hurt the I really Trump according to a tweet by Times journalist Mike went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different was then pressed on whether he had definitively ruled out a reported. The just not something that I feel very strongly a Trump invariably encouraged his raucous cries of her at where and badges showed face behind often with profane slogans. He told her at a debate that if he was president she would in and vowed to appoint a special remark provoked an outcry from who accused Trump of behaving like a dictator. Legal experts argued while he could suggest to the Department of Justice that it bring a as president Trump would have little constitutional power to make it his conversation at the New Times he rejected the idea that his supporters would be upset by his letting off the hook. think they will be he according to a tweet by reporter think I will explain it that we in many ways will save our Twitter Trump booed as he leaves the New Times said Trump made clear he did not prosecution when he inclination would be for whatever power I have on the matter is to say go forward. This has been looked at for so ad aware that the election campaign had been extraordinarily Trump said a prosecution would be very divisive for the lead in the popular vote now exceeds 1.5 comments were a far cry from the vicious campaign in which Trump branded his Democratic rival claimed that foreign entities gave money to the Foundation in return for favors from the state department when she was secretary of and condemned the for refusing to recommend prosecuting her for mishandling classified suffered a low rating for trustworthiness in opinion polls during the contest. a senior adviser to told Morning on think still has to face the fact that a majority of find her to be honest or but if Trump can help her heal then perhaps a good gap between the brash taunts on the campaign trail and his approach is part of a conscious shift away from the tone of his past rhetoric. think thinking of many different things as he prepares to become the president of the United States and things that sound like the campaign among she the dramatic climbdown earned the wrath of conservatives who had pushed hard for prosecution. Tom president of Judicial appointees continue the politicized spiking of a criminal investigation of it would be a betrayal of his promise to the people to the of corruption in Trump should focus on healing the broken justice affirm the rule of law and appoint a special prosecutor to investigate the the website where chief strategist is executive headlined its article on the subject a commentator and author of In Trump We I thought we elected president. Did we make him the His job is to pick those not do their investigated use of a private email server while she was secretary of state during first concluding earlier this year that her actions were but not in Congress have been hammering for years over issues such as the terrorist attack in Representative Republican chairman of the House oversight and government reform has said he will continue investigating use of a private indicated that Trump would not such a move. the also the head of your party tells you before even inaugurated he wish to pursue these it sends a very strong message tone and content to the she indicated that the saga might not yet be over. Senator Graham of South told Fox so much for her I guess. The bottom line is that I think the the whole should be looked at with an independent not a political never believed justice department would seriously look at what she may have done. I can understand wanting to put the election behind us and heal the but I do hope all the things Trump said about how crooked she was we just let it go without some serious effort to see if the law was truly violated. I think that would be a analysts agreed that Congress could still try to intervene. Henry a professor at the University of school of committees can investigate all they want. At the end of the day you want presidents spiking so we may not be out of the woods in terms of the decision might be calculated to his own Chambers added. are interesting issues as to whether playing presidential jujitsu said should not be therefore no one should investigate the most vocal critics was a former New who said before the election that he could see her in an or jumpsuit. But on at Trump he too appeared to backtrack. Twitter supports Trump decision not to prosecute a tradition in politics that after you win an you sort of put things behind he told reporters. if the decision he perfectly consistent with sort of a historical pattern of things come you say a lot of even some bad things might and then you can sort of put it behind you in order to unite the has frequently acknowledged her use of a private email server was a mistake and denied links between foundation donors and her work as secretary of on on via on on on on on this content

I knew for only a little over 11 but his music has been part of my life from my early when I was starting to write my first was a towering figure in musical life. Premieres of his works were big events. He was a pianist and jazz musician who was outrageously skilled in each of these categories. It seemed unfair that so much talent was given to just one man. As a young and eager I was obsessed with consuming as much music as I could get my hands and I even stole a score of first symphony from my local library because I coveted it so much. I get enough of his heady mix of strict and sensuous orchestral sound. In the he was one of few that alone was enough to give him status. Then there was his translation done with his the pianist of complex theoretical book on new a bible for young composers in the when I met him in a restaurant in New just after I was very nervous. including my teacher and great friend Oliver told me get on like a house on but that made me even more apprehensive. What if we just hit it What I remember from the first moment of eye contact was that was a person I immediately felt comfortable with. I was dazzled by his amazing wit and a but here was somebody I felt always known. Maybe because I knew his music so well. Twitter get enough of his Mark on met regularly in New or over the following years. He was and remains the funniest man ever never always incisive and wise. In the first year of our friendship we emailed each other almost every day. He had this wicked way of writing that was sardonic but always kind. I would provoke him by just listing composers I knew would elicit a withering response because of what he considered their ineptitude. But when he loved a such as or he would be effusive in his praise. And if we started to talk about the conductor John you stop him admired him greatly. I saw him perform both solo and with other jazz singers. By his own he possess the most spectacular singing but his musical phrasing and the way he each interpretation of every song is something I have rarely witnessed and will never forget. almost four years after his I miss him so much his turn of phrase and his with that slight twang. I spent many hours grieving him at house in We listened to a huge amount of his music that we along with many new discoveries. There is so much incredible music he wrote across so many different almost bewildering. From numerous for instruments from the guitar to to chamber music and works for choirs all composed with consummate skill. And all those film Not just Murder on the Orient Express. I remember Oliver bought a rare copy of the film Figures in a Landscape and we at the invention and modernity of the score. If he could read this just be and sigh enigmatically. What a what a man. The Symphony Total is at the on 27 Box 020-7638 on on via on on on on on this content

A wonderful and discussion of an immensely complex and issue. Some final forcing the hand of policy makers and developing responses to poverty are vital to elephant conflict cannot be but we can try to control how humans network of parks and wild lands is needed to allow elephants to roam out demand and the legal market in China is going to be but the government appears to be for the future is not but it is probably limited to small pockets of land An entirely I will but my This excellent panel give us measured hope for the future. 22 2016 many countries afraid it will not possible. We often forget Central and West where elephants are in many areas doomed. If we cannot stop the current elephant poaching your grandchildren will probably be able to see wild elephants only in a handful of in the Eastern and Southern tiny islands of elephants surrounded by oceans of people. 22 2016 but unless we all redouble our efforts to combat build community support for reduce reduce trafficking through market and dramatically reduce demand for the number of places with significant numbers of wild functioning as they will be very much smaller than now. But there is real 22 2016 think so because high value tourism areas will be maintained. They might be like and in in getting to them you and your kids will drive through or fly over farms and livestock grazing lands because people have eradicated the know what the word in is for pest animals with no value vermin. Current policy is in effect making wildlife vermin from the perspective of rural communities. 22 2016 I think that with increasing momentum to listen to the elephant specialists talking about the just local abundant populations in one or two we can get ivory under control and poaching significantly lessened. And I strongly believe that if we don't want simply islands of elephants but migrating we have to plan this now and in the next 5-10 years while we have something to work with. This applies in where the elephant specialist group just met last week. For all of those people who have or are going to have grandchildren the question is back to you are you with We need you to make your desire known to politicians and help us fund the work until the governments and corporations step up their funding and stewardship for elephants and their habitat. elephants are whose Elephant Family focuses on elephants paints a frightening picture of the future. 22 2016 the past 100 years of elephant populations have been wiped out. Without this iconic animal could be facing extinction within 3 which is why this species is listed as Endangered. They now number as few as 40,000 across 13 countries in with probably occurring in Habitat loss of and fragmentation of populations are causing and then the results of that such as train strikes are killing as well as hunting for ivory though not all elephants have tusks and females don't have retaliatory killing for such as by electrocution traps hooked up to the mains or setting out poison bait such as poisoned pineapples are killing what these superb wild giants have been reduced to crop especially in places where people have settled and have no history of living or knowing how to live with Stiles also thinks things are looking bleak. 22 2016 destruction and fragmentation is the obvious answer. It's remarkable how well they've done in and when you think of the population pressures. it looks like poaching for ivory is on the increase in and carvers are still churning out the and read how various states are planning what can be done. Says 22 2016 we have hope by protecting and keeping habitat areas connected and working with both rural communities and experts alike to understand more where elephants need to move and what they need to eat. We can lessen the interaction between people and elephants and help people safely. We can work with governments and companies to rationally plan where land change will occur but we need to resource that research and those experts so they are ready with the So there IS but we need to act now. as we attempt to get control globally on the battle against ivory and illegal poaching in we are learning tremendous lessons to be applied in to protect space and empower people to allow our largest land mammal still have room to roam. Our biggest project at the moment with other is our Corridors Campaign. On asks why we use funds from tourism to support local communities so they turn to just not enough to go says 22 2016 there are working examples of involving local communities in the way you it's simply a drop in the ocean. There are million and millions of poor people and just a fraction of them is actually with tourism. And you need just a few poachers and a couple of traffickers or brokers to create havoc. a huge Human Toll behind the ivory trade and poor exploited people are a big part of it. 22 2016 the same situation in Even with the number of poor people who actually benefit from it whose lives are uplifted by its effects is a very small number. Whatever the solution it has to be more though out and must benefit the poor community in money also fails to reach the communities says Hedges. 22 2016 the reason is that entrenched big businesses that are not set up to provide significant benefits to the local people in and around the areas. Corruption is sometimes a problem too. Governments need to do more to and otherwise help local initiatives and to require more equitable benefit sharing by the big operations. You are correct to say that in can generate see the paper I referenced Weaver G. C. Complementary benefits of tourism and hunting to communal conservancies in says there is an important role for development aid to play to fill these gaps. 22 2016 think community needs are greater than the support they are especially in many but the rural poor in all countries where elephants range are too often left on their own. In the places where wildlife still exists are in places where the most people live. They may not even know when there is a government compensation scheme that can help them. So I don't think elephant populations always need to for through trophy hunting or tourism income. But I think that better access to development or government aid or even an farming and access to markets can boost the morale and empowerment of communities. Those communities also do not want to be a target for criminal gangs preying on the unemployed to poach. Strong communities are a very important part of this and support so they can use techniques or understand elephant routes help prevent interaction. Stiles says this is already underway in 22 2016 is a critical question and in right now there is a group doing exactly planning protected corridors to be left open to connect protected areas and private conservancies. All range states should conduct such including corridors And Hedges agrees. 22 2016 Elephants do need large areas of habitat and even in we are now seeing habitat fragmentation and loss become a significant problem for elephant conservation. In of habitat loss has long been one of the biggest threats to which are now largely confined to protected many of which are too small for long term viability and have huge problems on their borders. Maintaining connectivity or restoring it if already lost is essential. as notes there are some encouraging examples from countries such as and but much more needs to be done in many more places. For those feeling far away and here are some concrete actions you can take today. 22 2016 agree with lobbying governments. These should be considered World Heritage Animals and as global citizens we can help strengthen that argument and get more resources put towards Forest and Wildlife Departments. Stronger departments aid better resource and not only help provide stability but can stand up for protection of habitat for the good of communities and wildlife. Preventing environmental damage of silting of polluted water which communities later. I also endorse that people worldwide support the conservation that can help direct research and aid to experts and communities for bringing about local solutions. say most panelists. Although there are some caveats. 22 2016 think the quote is the Mother of applies here. Some of the most innovative community schemes have come about when trophy hunting was not an and then other aid schemes and other government departments participated in community not just wildlife Stiles says it could work for some species. But not elephants. 22 2016 not convinced that trophy hunting is essential to conserving at least elephant maybe other species. It's a complicated from Elephant Action League 22 2016 hunting is often the of government that do not want to protect wildlife and provide local communities with real economic Hedges agrees complicated. But also perhaps an issue by both advocates and relative to its potential impact. 22 2016 I would personally never shoot an animal for its trophy there have been some successful examples of trophy hunting for some species generating revenues for and encouraging attitudes among local people. Trophy hunting has the potential to provide those benefits in difficult places where there are few other options for Trophy hunting can therefore help keep significant areas of land under wildlife land that might otherwise not be so used. But in some places trophy hunting operations have predator introduced or bred trophies all of which are bad for biodiversity conservation. it's complicated. It is also hard to see that trophy hunting is likely to ever play a significant role in elephant conservation. The amount of money generated by trophy hunting is also small relative to the funding needs for conservation in and so in some ways the heated debates are a distraction from the bigger issues. Hunter Life after global outrage into funding for conservation in Conservation Letters 296-301. has asked via email how we go about fighting the illegal trade when it is so Stiles 22 2016 the demand where consumers law enforcement in pretty much every country has proven ineffective if high demand prevails. If shops are closed traders and consumers move to websites and members only social media. Demand must be but this is a long of Elephant Family points 22 2016 the words of a wildlife enforcement illegal investigation and enforcement is still woefully inadequate in the countries that matter states and There's a need to this is a crime problem and the response needs to be police led. Customs have demonstrated they have mandate and therefore little will to investigate the hundreds of ivory seizures made to date. Many techniques still aren't being such as controlled forensic analysis of crime scenes for links to and lack of proactive responses. Sources within the trade have indicated that serious offenders are only afraid of imprisonment if actually yet such a deterrent barely Hedges of 22 2016 is correct to stress the challenges inherent in demand reduction and there needs to be a much greater focus on effecting change not just raising we have seen to little of the former in demand reduction campaigns to date. But demand for wildlife products including ivory and rhino horn has been reduced in the past in a number of so we know it can be done. Elephants are wild animals and so conflict is hard to according to the panel. Consultant Stiles says we can only control how humans respond. 22 2016 those who suffer the depredations of the only thing that has been demonstrated to prevent retaliation is if the people gain tangible benefits. Very few places have mechanisms in place for that have to involve says Wildlife 22 2016 between humans and wildlife cannot be avoided. However solutions have to come from the people living with wildlife. Innovative ideas of how to live harmoniously can't take a top down they have to build economic says Hedges in a comment too long to post so link to it here. He also suggests further investigating insurance and other ways to manage or understand the impact on humans. 22 2016 addition to trying to ensure local people derive direct financial benefits from the presence of wildlife such as elephants whenever a key part of mitigating conflict or conflict more generally is to adopt a sound approach to testing and promoting effective reduction methods. There are methods that can help reduce some circumstances at out there but they need to be deployed more effectively. Approaches such as insurance need to be further tested and developed too. Most including Hedges from agree that the mean it when they say they will phase out their legal ivory 22 2016 I think the Government is serious about shutting down the domestic market in ivory in China. That commitment was announced at the highest level in a joint communique from President Xi and President in 2015. Earlier this year the authorities said publicly that they would announce the timetable for implementing the so we can expect to see that announcement points out that there has been little movement since they made their announcement a year ago. 22 2016 this is Govt hasn't announced a even though Hong which is 2020. Can we be sure that China is serious about even after we now that officials from high office are involved in the of points out the difficulty in enforcing laws in a country as vast as China. 22 2016 the ending of the domestic legal trade in whiles it will undoubtedly help we should also be aware that it is a recurring pattern in China that good laws can be passed but that enforcement failure can lead to unexpected results. China often resists legislation for as long as then acts when the diplomatic costs become too high. But that is not the same as effective enforcement. China is a very big reach is less effective than many outsiders and enforcement may not be a priority. If you look at the overall movements in the relatively recent surge in demand from for both ivory and rhino I suspect that the bulk of both are being smuggled into China it's a change of route rather than a drop in who works with the elephant specialist believes some news might be imminent. 22 2016 heard they will announce the plan in It will involve a phased allowing ivory traders and factories to dispose of their as Hong has done Before our panel convenes at here is some reading material that could provoke thoughts and founder of Wild on the drawbacks of exclusive protected zones and outlines a different mode of can save elephants. But can we save wild Read group of experts discuss the pros and cons of the ivory Would a legal ivory trade save elephants or speed up the Read a recent conference moved to shut down domestic ivory panelist Stiles asks whether there is a plan to shut down the illicit there a plan B for The next step in saving them is even harder Read of on the need to engage readers in a respectful the Guardian is publishing its elephant reporting in Read more We know that elephant populations are collapsing at a frightening rate and that the driving forces behind this collapse are a global appetite for ivory just as conflict for space and resources. Earlier this the governments agreed to recommend the closure of domestic ivory markets. This is a serious step towards the eventual complete shutting down of the ivory but now new questions are do governments go about shutting down the legal ivory an illegal ivory market could be even harder. How do we strengthen forces against the black human populations move into elephant conflict is a real and growing problem that may even come to dwarf the ivory trade. Can we avoid these What works in terms of supporting local What works in terms of preserving elephant This is a global but with different challenges for every region. What are the specific challenges for your We have convened a panel of experts to answer these and more. The discussion will take place in the comments and we will post highlights in the live as it proceeds. If you would like to ask a question email or join in the comments thread during the discussion on Our and Joy Wildlife Elephant Action United independent Wildlife Conservation Elephant United China

Are you struggling to keep on top of your small Perhaps feeling overwhelmed by the array of technology solutions on offer. Or maybe interested in growth but are bogged down by rising business costs. Good is the lifeblood of any successful but with of small firms owed an estimated managing the flow of money can be a juggling act. Many entrepreneurs will also not have the resources to hire professional but will add bookkeeper to their ever burgeoning list of tasks. Technology can help from accountancy software and money management to smart meters and mobile payment tools. But how do you know which to invest time and money If you are struggling with questions of cash such as how to automate payments to suppliers or chase late how to make efficiencies in your business to cut costs or budget and how to boost revenue while on the join us from on 29 when our panel of experts will be available to take your questions. Taking part is just register to comment. Once you have signed you can post your questions in the comments thread below this article. tweet with your or email them to and we will put them to the panel on the day. Comments are open and we welcome questions in is a serial entrepreneur and founder of POD which was named one of the tech companies in the by the Times and now turns over a is an entrepreneurial chartered accountant who is used to running his business on the move. He has found technology invaluable when it comes to having a view of his and his Swift works as a sustainability consultant at the Carbon assisting to understand the business case of opportunities. He recently appeared as the Energy working with Smart Energy to discuss energy consumption with small businesses in Golds is an experienced business supporting female founders to develop their businesses and achieve success. She is also a published her book How to Be Your Own Boss As a Single Mum reached number eight in the Amazon download chart on its release. King is the chief executive of the Chartered Institute of Credit Management and author of the collection of managing written in partnership with the Department for Energy and Industrial Strategy is the of a technology solution that allows entrepreneurs to release money tied up in unpaid invoices. The business expects to release of advances by the end of Zoo is the and creative director of Zoo a fitness class company that also provides party activities and workshops. Drake is the founder of The Wealth Project Holdings a sustainable investment business that supports and invests in entrepreneurs through technology and capital. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your your on on via on on on on on this content

bloodbath of an a friend emailed me. watching someone get another said over the phone. And this in an email from a veteran of the third Draft Dodger is now commander in to the full flowering of the Era of which began with that now glide down the escalator at Trump where Trump commenced his candidacy with these historic When sends its not sending their best sending people that have lots of and bringing those problems with us. bringing drugs. bringing crime. rapists. And I are good ever a monument is erected to the Trump then surely these words shades of will be carved into the marble along with coming out of her bucks a and would bring back a hell of a lot worse than In true demagogic Trump bypassed the head and spoke directly to the to the biles and bubbling acids of raw emotion. He said things that many temperate hardly dared to admit we carried in ourselves were hardly aware of just how deeply we resented our own how angry our interior lives with all this stuff bottled years and years of internalized from a culture that kept insisting on tolerance. Many discovered just what a drag political correctness was all these and to be free of freed from this code that was jamming us That was relief akin to a primal scream. From the start rallies had the air of the tent that same hot thrum of militant exorcism and not fool a friend wrote stand anything but cold honesty right now. This is not a winning the which would be bad enough. This is white supremacy tempted to say. really not that bad. Stances are things get said in the heat of a and we could take heart in the newly conciliatory Trump on display for several days after the election. Then came the news that the erstwhile chairman of the Trump campaign who bears a striking resemblance to the town drunk on the old was named counselor and chief for the incoming Trump administration. The mainstream press still feels compelled to explain the term but we know we we WE white AKA honky dig too deeply into the family along with glistening of apocalyptic and a style sense that falls somewhere between for and Eye for the Straight Prior to his gig on the Trump spent four years as chairman of which he proudly declared to be platform for the As presided over such headlines as The Gun Control Human Control Makes Women Unattractive and two weeks after a white nationalist murdered nine members of a Bible study group at a black church in South It High and The Confederate Flag Proclaims a Glorious myself not sleeping at a friend wrote. first president endorsed by the noted another. Then there was being on the day after the have to remember that actually all on one A character is his as and what a twisted fate indeed that ever seeking to reconcile and accommodate an pastor in once his presidency is will no longer have to be the least threatening black man in has had to deal with an opposition that very much regarded him as not on the team. There was the for starters. The conspiracy theories. The terrorist Founder of Teenage crack dealer hanging out on the corner. this damage done to is said during one of the Republican which is a laugh. If wanted to trash the all he had to do on taking office in 2009 was sit on his hands and let the hot mess of the Bush economy continue its meltdown to the issue is bigger than any particular president. After his on one The is that we all go forward with a presumption of good faith in our fellow because that presumption of good faith is essential to a vibrant and functioning goes to the heart of the matter. The system of constitutional government is founded on deliberate fragmentation of the of and and that we all learned in high school civics. For government to be effective for government to meet the needs of the people the US constitutional order requires a healthy measure of good faith cooperation among the players. This good faith began to fray in the early as leaders in Newt and Tom DeLay chief among declared war on all efforts even from those in their own party to govern from a stance of bipartisan cooperation. in world of moral were enemy of normal and his allies were fighting no less than a with and as he declared in a speech to the Heritage war has to be fought with a scale and a duration and a savagery that is only true of civil so began the constitutional hardball and tactics that have characterized the past of politics. You may recall the government shutdowns of 1995 and 1995-96 over budget and the 1998 impeachment of Bill for lying about a In more recent there was the famous dinner at a steakhouse on the evening of 20 2009 the day of inauguration at which congressional leaders with by then a highly paid K Street vowed to sabotage presidency by opposing every item on the new economic agenda at a time when 700,000 jobs a month were disappearing including those items previously supported or even proposed by the all rooting for said of Trump when they met recently in the Oval Office. if he Senate Republican leader later summed up the stance when he publicly single most important thing we want to achieve is for President to be a Burying was the and if bringing him down required shredding the constitutional then to hell with the past 220 years of constitutional order. The once reserved for only the most major policy became routinely deployed even for matters. By withholding funding or refusing to consider appointments to government the Senate effectively nullified laws that had been duly enacted in accordance with the constitution. At a time when the federal courts had a record number of scores of judicial seats went the current vacancy on the supreme court is merely the most example. Government shutdowns and crises once unthinkable became so endemic that for the first time in its more than Standard downgraded the credit rating of the citing the phenomenon of Even lawmakers have continued to use the threat of government default as a bargaining a nuclear option if carried would have catastrophic effects on the world the founding fathers wanted they have replaced the articles of confederation with the constitution. But been great for the Republican which has mastered a crude but so far effective campaign as the on a platform decrying government as dysfunctional and then once in power pull out all the stops to make sure government is dysfunctional and ineffective. Maybe this is why Congress has lower approval ratings than head lice and and why has the perpetually serene look of a man who sleeps well at night. Those low approval ratings mean his side is winning. That all this has happened at the expense of the constitutional and of the spirit of comity and good faith so necessary for the functioning of that seems not to trouble or his colleagues in the call these people is a joke. They seek to precious little. Much more accurate to call them the wrecking this grimmest of faces on the subway I will never The people want change. Can you blame been sucking wind for 35 years while the rides higher and a trend that began with the a sea change in politics which the Democratic establishment accepted all too readily. is the poorest people in the world who will pay for over and free kick labor to the the whole package became the default center of political and the increasingly corporate offered less and less to and people as the years went by. up at failed my That the campaign wrote off the white vote was not only a political it was a moral failure as not to mention emblematic of the past several decades of Democratic leadership. her to go hang out with W Bush in hubris campaign spoke to our economic fear and anger with a rawness that even try to match. In no surprise that she lost the and primaries and very nearly the nomination to a candidate who tapped into the same populist angst that would give Trump no fewer than 290 electoral college votes. Though one wonders whether all those good working folks who voted for Trump realized they were endorsing a huge tax cut for the and a candidate whose election left K Street as giddy as a girl asked to the prom by the handsomest boy in wish I thought things would seem even slightly less terrifying in a day or some escapist literature. I find detailed accounts of the first world war and disastrous Arctic expeditions very readable at times like system we this system that grinds huge numbers of people into it seems so vast and monolithic most of the an unstoppable machine steered by mysterious forces. Trump seemed to offer a rare chance to throw a wrench into the and many took it. That a much bleaker side to his victory xenophobic owes much to certain feelings and impulses that have been steadily nurtured over the years by the Republican party. If you have doubts about read up on the history of the notorious Old demons we thought pushed to the it turns out been right here among us all biding their waiting for their hour to come around again. the heartache. And for more than a clear and present a tribal identity looked not to be everything. Fond little daydream optimistic comes to stunned policy always a moving target on the campaign is looking even more slippery in the days since the election. The that sturdiest beam in the Trump might be downgraded to a mere in certain areas. Signature features of the formerly horrible are actually and should remain. And that massive deportation Maybe not so massive after all. This sort of backstroking belies been obvious all Trump has never had much in the way of policy goals besides serving the greater good of will be the guiding principle of the Trump presidency. In this respect much more like a monarch than the duly elected public servant of a representative as monarchs he will keep his heirs close to the center of Don and that budding Cardinal of a Top security clearances and advisory roles are contemplated for the who at the same time will be running the entities of the sprawling Trump Organization. hard to imagine a more ethically legally explosive situation for the managing a vast consortium of transnational businesses while being privy to the most sensitive along with easy access to the most powerful man in the world. How will it all play Badly. Look to for a taste of the awful potential to the tragedies and history those coils of ego and empire and wealth sex and sex and that often end with bodies all over the place. The best thing Trump could do for his children would be to put his assets in a genuine blind and send the kids away far away from to do their own thing. Limit visits to holidays and bounce the grandkids on his not breathe a word about business or affairs of not how monarchies roll. That Trump would put his children in such a legally tenuous position gives us a clear idea as if we needed it from a man who used to rely on the infamous for legal counsel of his appreciation for the rule of law. Here again we can expect the monarchical model. People rarely grow in humility once they reach the White House. To the extent Trump attempts to spin and mutilate the rule of his most immediate potential check will be a Congress firmly in Republican led by the same wrecking crew already shown such faint regard for the constitutional with a think egging them on to new structures and traditions of governance are about to be tested as they been in generations. You say you want Here it comes. Brace for on on via on on on on on this content

The 2016 presidential election took a heavy toll on the vast army of journalists assigned to cover grinding down shoe fingertips and in equal measure. But for one Dale of the the race for the White House was singularly turning him into a night the end of each long day on the campaign he would take a deep breath and launch into his second the lies of Trump. The work would begin often at when all was quiet and he could sink himself undisturbed into a hot bath of outrageous start by watching recordings of the rallies the Republican candidate had addressed that scouring his words for deceits that ranged from the whopping opposed the election is to the trivial only way to pronounce is when in fact most people say the reporter would scuttle through Twitter followed by news outlets and search engines in the hope of catching every statement he made and testing them all for accuracy. As the election untruths began to and with them nocturnal until he was at it virtually all night. After each of the three televised debates between Trump and and in the final frantic days of the he pulled before going straight back to his day the end it was Dale says. only thing that made it easier was that Trump repeated we called him out for lying but he was so unresponsive he just kept saying the same 15 until 8 Dale recorded a total of 560 false Trump an average of about 20 a day. As the reporter staggered into election he reflected that if his nighttime activities had reached even a small percentage of the and helped them understand the fundamental mendacity of a candidate seeking the most powerful job on the then would have been worth came election night. was as shocked as many other Dale recalling steady march towards the 270 electoral votes needed to win. Despite his own extraordinary despite the similarly herculean efforts of the New which dedicated 18 journalists to the debates in real or of which turned over 30 staffers to a similar despite the Trump column and so much some 61 million were enough by the idea of a serial liar in the Oval Office to vote for the only journalistic tool that was deployed in 2016 with what now appears to be limited effectiveness. Many observers assumed the thundering scoop of remarks in which he boasted about grabbing women the together with astonishing opening question at the first debate in which she reminded the candidate that he had called women and would hand female and thus the to They of white women voted for according to exit the lead news anchor at predicted on election day that Trump would lose because he had turned his back on the media. happen almost one in three backed to or how the media handled the Trump phenomenon Read those most portentous of journalistic also seemed to have little purchase on the outcome of this election. The Lab counted 360 titles that backed including the Morning News which sided with a Democratic candidate for the first time since and Today which endorsed the first presidential in its history. By Trump drew a paltry 11 endorsements. Such overwhelming consensus from the press but was anybody Put all these indicators and you start to wonder whether unlikely victory has sounded the death knell for the influence and authority of what he and his supporters scathingly call the Did the in particular cable which broadcast his every cough and spittle with almost obsessive help put him in the White did the press go too far in abandoning its traditional and unrestrainedly attacking as pundits are now Looking what will be the role of the established media as we head into the chilly waters of a choppy new are just some of the glaring questions left hanging at the end of an epically weird election season. To begin poking some of those the Guardian has teamed up with the Journalism Review a leading source of media criticism. It has compiled a unique oral history of the 2016 election through the eyes of 40 of the top and press reporters and columnists who helped shape and define the public perception of this race. The narrative runs to 11,000 with the Guardian publishing an edited version of it. One of the first big questions that oral in tandem with the own exploration of the throws up is the role of blanket coverage in the fall and rise again of Trump. of was quick to spot earlier this year that Twitter feed acted not only as a powerful megaphone channeling his voice directly to his followers had of them on Twitter on election as well as on it also served as a news script for the cable channels. Trump would tweet out his latest offensive or aggressive often in the early hours of the and news editors arriving at their desks would pick it up and turn it into headlines that would then go on to dominate the rest of the news cycle. Twitter Guardian reporters reflect on challenges of covering 2016 US typically drives is great reporting by newspapers. Trump used his tweets as an alternative route to great and that turned out to have been a very big Smith told the channels feasted on tweeted with an alacrity that many observers found disturbing. According to a study by Trump benefited from the equivalent of worth of free airtime from earned a quantity that the analysts said was surreal in sheer In cable channels enjoyed a massive ratings was convulsed by other notably decision to employ former campaign manager while he was still receiving from his old and the embarrassment falling to of Democratic strategist leaking questions from a town hall event in advance to the campaign. More red faces erupted at when its Access tape of lewd comments about women was leaked to the Post after the network appeared to dither over broadcasting these humiliating at times though they pale in comparison with the overarching charge that and to a lesser degree the press was indiscriminate for far too long in its handling of engaging with him more like the Apprentice reality star that he was than the US president that he wanted to become. the cable news in particular and and to some extent gave Trump unhealthily inflated coverage. That helped make says media columnist of the Post. It takes someone with the experience of John chief strategist to rival John during the Republican to spell out the full impact of this media binge on the election. He believes it actively distorted the and even six months after dropped out of the you can still hear the fury in hope some deep introspection at the networks and cable channels over the billions of dollars of free coverage they gave to often without holding him accountable for his bizarre claims. He is judged by such a low standard by many of the news troubling to sense that the media allowed itself to be taken for a ride by the Trump campaign in exchange for stellar ratings came to a crunch on 16 in By now enshrined as Republican Trump lured the pack of political reporters to a press conference by promising to make a statement an it was assumed about his and lie about President having been born outside the location for the event happened to be the Old Post Office on Avenue that Trump had just renovated into a luxury hotel. For 26 minutes he subjected the and through them the to a succession of unctuous speeches by retired military leaders singing the praises. when Trump finally got round to issuing a rebuttal of his own false he prefaced it with yet another lie that was responsible for having started the toxic rumor in the first was vintage Trump. Almost a of free advertising not only for his presidential campaign but also for his new hotel handed to him on a plate by the cable networks in exchange for a that made false accusations against his opponent. Nothing new was new was the response of the assembled media crowd who had been forced to sit through the cameras keyboards as though they were so many of dutiful playthings. It was a fumed referring to the Rick while John King on the same channel got played who teaches journalism at New University and whose has been a widely cited resource on the fraught relationship between Trump and the press in sees the hotel debacle as a seminal moment. when people in the campaign press corp got disgusted not just with mendacity and manipulation but at themselves for playing along with it. That turned the was an important turning agrees Kyle editor and publisher. when reporters response from the New Times was decisive and swift. As its political editor related to a recent of media she immediately approached the executive went to Dean and I we call this the unwinding of a He understood the potency of coming out very directly and saying and that what Trump had done a willful deceit was far more egregious than some of the fabrications and stretching of the truth that we usually see in politics. So he was firmly behind resulting piece by marked in itself a seminal moment for the Times which as pointed out is a traditional that until recently struggled with the idea of calling a lie a lie. Yet in this case the editorial decision to do just that abandoning any attachment to the the one hand but on the other hand school of journalism came quickly and easily. decided in about 40 has been a lot of discussion this election cycle about how insurgent its asymmetry as has put has shaken up many of the rituals and false of political journalism. New makes clear that his magazine consciously decided to ditch the journalistic habits of a pretend to but we as a rule over the try to maintain some kind of We abandoned that because we felt the threat of his candidacy and presidency was too counterpoint to that is that several of the contributors to the oral history express regret at least at the the coverage of real estate businessman was as puts it. The billionaire was underestimated as a and as a result treated initially as a bit of a joke. Laura a politics editor for bravely admits feeling guilty that she assigned a deep dive into Trump soon after he launched his campaign in 2015 to a regret not taking him more seriously a year ago than I But Smith makes the point important though such it should not obscure the fact that there was plenty of reporting done even early on. New we at the Guardian and many gave a thoroughly detailed account of him. Anyone who was surprised by the person who emerged during the campaign really paying only have to credit a tiny portion of the highlights of the coverage this cycle to see how impressive much of it seminal romp with Trump all the way back in package in her Times mailbox containing the leaked tax of the work on the Trump Foundation and his groping of the probe into the real rigging of the Guardian columnist interviews with women alleging the candidate sexually assaulted what happened to all this solid Why did it appear to go up in a puff of smoke on election There is a separate and febrile debate over whether or not opinion polls were in part to blame for giving the impression that the White House was in the bag for but many other theories are prevalent as Gold of Politico tells is that the media did its job but the public did not The New Times political reporter Martin offers an opposite that the coverage did hit home with as reflected in historically bad popularity ratings. To which it might be added that is still winning in the popular third line of inquiry that is likely to run and run is whether the in its coastal failed to get to grips with the anger that was brewing right under its nose in the heartlands. A flick of that argument was given in the missive sent by and publisher and executive editor of the New to their readers soon after the election. sheer unconventionality lead us and other news outlets to underestimate his support among Answering his own told the Guardian US that the Times did in fact write extensively about anger in in the to the but adds that a good idea as an editor to be humble enough to ask oneself what questions should have been asked during the campaign. including the Trump campaign quite understood the forces that would lead to Trump being elected in what everybody agrees was a surprise. A big part of my job now is to explain that in the coming to go out in the talk to people who feel anxious about the future of the caricature let them speak. Just let them more disturbing thought is that while many news outlets took great efforts to chronicle the plight of the white working classes in middle their dispatches register with millions of voters for the simple reason that those voters reading any of us. Amid the ongoing muscle of the new transcendence of not to mention the proliferation of fake news conservative and for that matter liberals are increasingly able to receive information from within their own alternative bubble where their opinions are reinforced without being challenged by the loathed One of the more despairing expressions of this theory was given by New Moss to media as it used to be thought of is just not that important any more. It matter that some people were doing good work because just talking to ourselves and people who already agree with another theory has been aired increasingly by pundits such as of Fox News that flips the argument that the media did too little too late to expose Trump on its head. In this major outlets did too were too eager to go after him. The editor of the Wall Street tells that reporters saw it as their role to stop this man from becoming they put themselves in the role of It fell to Piers of Mail as it often to put the case most ludicrously biased barrage of bile helped him get ripostes the Dean cover Trump any more aggressively than we covered People forget that we broke the story of emails. If both sides think you were tough on maybe that means you were all the mainstream media bashing that has been unleashed since 8 one source of it stands head and shoulders above the Trump himself. Which is not given his track record during the campaign. Reporters deemed to be producing copy were punished by was ejected from a press conference after the anchor dared to ask an awkward was turned away from Trump rallies as comeuppance for his caustic 2014 a lengthening list of other media outlets were banned by the individual journalists were targeted for such as supporters at campaign stops were enabled to turn in anger against camera operators just doing their metamorphosis into the tendency to target the media has only got worse. Now he routinely gives the press pool the showing contempt for both transparency and tradition. Back on his Android Trump is on the New Times displaying a sort of frenzied disdain that hardly bodes well for the relationship between president and the paper of record. never seen anything quite like says who as former editor of the Times and bureau chief of the Times has seen more than most. think ever had a tweeting about for 20 2017 and the start of his presidency bears down upon much of the media will enter the Trump era carrying with them a profound sense of trepidation. is a moment of high danger for the heading into a dark period for democracy and says Jay of tells think remember this election as unique and very concerning for the future of the press because if this becomes the we are in serious not just the lack of mocking and bullying that can be expected from President Trump. also the internal danger that the media will normalize his time in office under the cloak of traditional reverence for the presidency. Contributors to the account of 2016 point out that a pattern of normalization was established even on the campaign when media outlets appeared to be willing Trump on to elevate himself from his startlingly unconventional approach to a proper mode. In the memorable description of Tommy politics the candidate have gone up there and danced the and they would have is a welcome change in tone from the election that trend has some believe. John the former chief strategist for Republican rival John says he is outraged by media references to the chairman who Trump has appointed his senior counselor in the White as a or an He was the publisher of the news site that he said was home to the and that is code for racism and sexism and Weaver what will be the role of the as it somewhat battered but still into Will it be to document the new administration with a detached and as traditional newsroom canons or will it pursue that other burning function of the fourth holding power to will cover him fairly and and we will not let his criticism of us sway us or keep us from doing what we have to says Dean of the New Times. my mind our mission is clearer than ever we have to cover the giant story of this extraordinary White which is going to change politics and policy for years to as truthfully and honestly as we elections on on via on on on on on this content

Doctors have said they will boycott attempts to introduce identification checks as part of government plans to combat the most senior official in the Department of told that he was looking at making hospitals check papers to find out whether they should be a proposal he admitted was would mean that those trying to use health services in including might have to prove their identity before having operations and undergoing tests in but it would not cover care received at have reacted with fury to the and have threatened not to implement it. described it as saying it was not the role of the to be working to kick migrants In an email to the Guardian he doctors would boycott it. The is founded on the principle that should be free and accessible to all and that as make our decisions about best for our patients without external influence or pressure. Being forced to become part of immigration services and actively blocking vulnerable people from accessing is fundamentally incompatible with the ethical and moral obligations placed on us as migrants know that doctors and other professionals will actively liaise with the Home Office to deport them then they will avoid seeking hugely dangerous especially in pregnant because without prompt early access to they stand a much higher risk of presenting as an emergency later potentially with much worse the This is absolutely the should not be actively working to kick migrants out one of the junior doctors who mounted an unsuccessful legal challenge to the imposition of new White I won't be asking anyone for their passport before resuscitating thanks. an health of my patient will be my first their passport details told the public accounts committee that passport checks were already taking place at one hospital in that treats a population with a high number of accepted it was not part of service but that it might be necessary to crack down on use of the by visitors from abroad who do not have an automatic right to free National Audit Office report issued last month said the government paid out to other countries for the treatment of but received only in return for the treatment of a former cancer surgeon at the Royal hospital who has campaigned against health welcomed the initiative. He told Radio Today he had recommended such a idea in a letter to the Department of Health in August 2015. will put the message out there that the is not open to health that when you come here you will be checked for he said. But pointed out that it would not stop maternity tourism. He arrive in this country in the late stages of a pregnancy and they declare themselves a month before the expected date of delivery and no airline will fly so they become called and they are entitled to have Mark the chair of the Medical said the idea was a politically motivated response that would not solve the funding crisis in the told the Today is a the question is whether the proposal to require everybody using the to show a passport and another form of identification before receiving hospital treatment is either proportionate or going to resolve the National Audit Office estimates that the uncollected fees are a year. We have got an with a deficit approaching 100 times that amount opening up over the course of this parliament. This is little other than a pinprick on top of the actual problems facing the something across the entire in this way in response to such a small problem would be tremendously background is an that has been deliberately starved of the resources necessary to treat people and recouping a small amount of those from overseas visitors by introduction of a new mechanism by which people have to show their eligibility is simply not going to fill that on on via on on on on on this content

He must be disappointed by that typo in the first line of the email. That was my first thought when the following landed in my might sound shocking and but I feel shocked or threatened. This was just another day on the where people disproportionately people of color and queer people are intimidated and threatened. what writer describes as a ceaseless flickering hum of emotional women abandoned to their abusers Read around the same time I assume the same signed me up to a which meant I received thousands of unsolicited email newsletter within a few hours. Thankfully filters learn but it took a 20 minutes of flagging messages to clean up my a mild irritation. Meanwhile on someone else was sending me pornographic and asking whether penis size matters for a I blocked as sure I will have to block many others in the future in a tedious game of would love to say that this is but not. In go as far as to say that this feels entirely just your regular rape threats and dreary dick For one of my is dealing with racial slurs or having her profile photo edited to have For a male people telling him to commit suicide or saying they want his kids to die. If we complain about these either overreacting or feeding the trolls. But if we speak letting them get away with it. by this we fall back on swatting the antagonists away like flies perhaps as a coping telling ourselves that normal. Most of the the flies are few and far between. But you only have to look at the relentless campaigns of hate against public figures like actor and comedian diver Tom or games developer to see what happens when the flies form a swarm. It becomes exhausting and incredibly difficult for the individual or the police to make on what constitutes a credible in the media you are familiar with how things work but for an average person these types of interactions could be said author of This Is Why We Have Nice how did we get And what should we do about Many are aggrieved white men who feel like they given the fantasy life they were author of bullies have always found ways to antagonize but digital tools have given them new powers. Fifty years ago if you wanted to wind up a you could write anonymous messages and leave them on his or her could tease that but there would be no archive and it be amplified. It could potentially be upsetting but it be indexed in said the ability of search to index abuse or what she calls that changes the ethical stakes. Your history follows you meaning those targeted struggle to move on and have a fresh and have been part of the since its inception a side effect of anonymity and unfettered free both critical pillars of the web. Once restricted to niche forums and with their own codes of ubiquitous social media has brought it into the used to be so few people occupying those spaces and the people who were were a lot more than what you see said means more and more just teenagers in their basements. A lot of them are otherwise very well adjusted normal adult men with wives and children and said author of of them fall into the camp of very aggrieved middle aged white men who feel like they given the fantasy life they were owed. They tend to take it out on people who are successful or present in a way that makes them feel not to say that white men get harassed but that harassment is more frequently directed at members of historically underrepresented populations whose voices have not always been privileged. people who have always had their voices taken seriously tend to be the said arguing that it comes from a sense of Trump that same sense of disenfranchisement that propelled Trump to the White House with a campaign that normalized says absurdly offensive degrading things about women and people of color and specific groups whether whatever. He says these terrible things and that normalizes hate speech in mainstream discourse. so normal to open up or any news and see says tenor of discourse that Trump and his associates have been engaging in has emboldened some people to say are in charge now and we can say whatever we adds a student at School of Communication and comments about sexually harassing women are a reflection of the normalization of violence against threats and rape threats are a form of domination that has been used against women for all of time. It ties into seeing women as not fully human and having their value contingent on whether or not they are worthy of said in an effort to draw attention to the ends up amplifying it. publications might be trying to troll but some are just calling attention to it. But inadvertently or not it ends up more problematic said opens up the vexing question of whether or not to feed the trolls. wary of that framing as it comes with a undercurrent. The message is you give them attention you get said suggests keeping a record of posts in case a situation escalates and then reporting the perpetrator where possible. Individuals should make up their minds about whether they mute or following safety guides like this one or this offers an alternative way to handle such by creating a to an explicit against these behaviors as opposed to repeating she said. about taking more control of that so that the antagonist is no longer the center of the suggests the rest of the community can help here. solidarity is asking how you can help is important. Basically trying to take a stand and say is not same behaviors that can marginalize and denigrate and traumatize can really bring a group making them feel good and paltry effort was to take a of the email and share it on Twitter with a pithy comment mocking the sender. It was not an act of fear or a cry for but an act of I am not intimidated by you and I am not alone. The post triggered messages of support and wonderful jokes from friends and acquaintances that reminded me of all of the lovely people on the like Choice very we might say that still in the early stages of settlement and that we will all start to become more civilized. and others might rally to create better tools for tackling the abuse and real threats towards law a but not a fix. The disproportionate harassment of people of color and queer people reflects underlying culturally embodied issues. These are problems that exist being brought to attention in new and imaginative problems have nothing to do with the so the idea that we could have an solution is said need to deal with and mitigate systemic racism and sexism. How do you get rid of rape The fact that women tell themselves stories to justify the horrible treatment they receive speaks to the depth of the cultural issues that underpin the free speech US and Silicon Valley in particular has a very specific libertarian view of free typified by John Declaration of Independence of which cannot separate the air that chokes from the air upon which wings to clamp down on harassment are frequently described as infringing on free especially in the US. just people expressing their opinions no matter how sexist or unpalatable. And so society appeals to the right to protect the words of certainly true that censorship is damaging to but the damage is taking place in the opposite direction. you cede the floor to the most bigoted contributors that tends to marginalize and silence members of the group they are said leads to a reduction in the number of voices contributing to all in the name of free speech. A more robust understanding of free speech is about trying to cultivate and protect the greatest amount of speech from the most diverse groups of people. about having more people not fewer people as eloquently puts silences and that infringes free speech far more significantly than telling some asshole to shut his on on via on on on on on this content

In a more conventional soccer Eleven might be preparing for a 2017 season against the likes of the Galaxy and Sounders. In only their third the team from finished second in the North Soccer in the standings to the New who also beat them on penalties in the championship average attendances of about the club is hoping to get approval for an stadium. In a couple of years it is not hard to imagine boasting a quality team in a major with only one thing Major League Soccer. In improvement does not mean that the only way is up. always said we want to play at the highest level said Tom senior of marketing and operations. want to have the best standard on and off the pitch. obviously part of a system where you earn that through merit on the field so working to grow the our place in is not won through sporting success but is a strategic outcome based on location and spending the result of a business rather than prowess in the penalty area. When New added a second team to join the Red Bulls it was not the champions in three of the past four years but New City a new entity built by the billionaire backers of and departures spell the end of LA Galaxy's Read soccer in the US wants or needs promotion and relegation is a debate that pulses as one of the pressure points of operating a global sport in North where some fans envy the dramas elsewhere but major leagues have heavily clubs are franchises and professional rulers have an aversion to risk informed by memories of the old rise and fall in the and topic was given fresh impetus by release of a report from which contends that reworking the US soccer pyramid to introduce promotion and relegation could stimulate changes that would benefit the sport from top to report argues that it would increase translating to higher attendance and broadcast viewing force owners to work harder to improve their teams and players in a way that would aid development all the way to national team bring the US in line with overseas leagues and lead to stronger structures and more investment from the grassroots study commissioned by International whose the includes a survey of US fans which found that believe that would boost club soccer. do think that for the game to its full potential in the promotion and relegation feels like part of the said of Sports Business Group. very deliberately put a on it because a lot of practical detail to be worked out as to how you would actually go about implementing would include and the lower leagues and creating a compensation package palatable to clubs who endure as well as figuring out how to handle the increasing number of teams affiliated to with expansion fees now in excess of providing a key revenue generator for a league that last year claimed to be losing it is hard to imagine would give away spaces for free. And the Don dismissed the concept as recently as this Battery has won four championships so I suppose in one way if you look at it we could have been promoted four said whose own career trajectory is a testament to social he started off as a taxi driver after emigrating to South from joined the team in 1999 as a announcer and was named president in of the United Soccer have one of the best stadiums in the lower echelons and last year beat Dynamo of in a friendly. Bell knows the pain of relegation and the joy of he is a boyhood fan of Reading But he does not think the US is ready for think a realism that really not going to happen any time in my opinion. Maybe wrong but I just see how we could change the system where that could be he said. been playing since has been playing since really not that long. So maybe in the future going to be the future a chance that it could change and we could see that. But I think really at that mature level on a solid footing and out of its teenage some believe that continued progress requires dramatic rather than a cautious ethos that has fostered incremental is an incredible market for pro soccer in the US. It is presently reined in by an uncompromising major league system that served its purpose well during the initial phase but 20 years later needs to evolve as it is now holding the growth said the former general manager of the Red by email. fans like the pure merit system. US audiences of leagues are there to demonstrate that the US fans like the competitiveness of those leagues. The US soccer fan is not different from the one. He or she aspires to the same quality and competitiveness of games. The playoff attendance and ratings demonstrate that currently there is very little interest in the playoff system in which by the has changed many times over the past twenty without ever finding a formula that If does ever adopt it would likely only happen once the concept has proven successful in the lower echelons. A test case is the United Premier Soccer an amateur competition in and with about 50 teams. It will debut internally in have some very good teams that have potential to be teams in the said the Promotion will be based on a combination of performance and minimum such as venue it is teams might one day transit between with a goal connect the dots not only with just the clubs but with the leagues. The system here is very fragmented and there are a handful of leagues and now to the point where a little bit confusing Maybe it can help bring it all together in the future and maybe maybe everybody kind of stays their own the governing the United States Soccer taken a firmer grip of the structure long a more structure that would have better facilitated might exist. have the wild wild west as far as leagues go. You have a bunch of businesses that are set up to own and operate soccer he said. nothing wrong with that but just the that you have business opportunities to own and operate a league. If you want to go and set up a league tomorrow you can do not that difficult. not the case in England or or where the federation pretty much controls of money will talk. of questions the notion that fear volatility. of the points that some people have made to me US investors would not go for a system with the risk of You look at and the fact that US investors invested in Derby and and Crystal Palace. So that say to me that US investors are unwilling to invest in a soccer system that carries the risk of he somehow just feels very in line with the way of doing things that there would be that that if willing to commit time and money and talent and ambition into doing you could push that on as far as those factors will take you rather than hitting a false sort of glass ceiling quite on on via on on on on on this content

Inescapably and has been invaded by . The Danish previously unknown to all but the most hardcore is now the subject of an avalanche of hundreds of newspaper and endless winter displays. Every story on the subject explains that the word defies literal before offering as a workable approximation not exactly but a feeling of calm togetherness and the enjoyment of simple perhaps illuminated by the gentle flicker of the least of the paradoxes of this which you might also call a wildly is that simply pronouncing it is almost impossible for tongues. The first mention of in any text where it sits so invitingly on the with its row of curvaceous descenders usually comes with a phonetic guide. This is in order to prevent readers from committing the of uttering or and are among the approximations offered in the nine books on published this autumn. suggests it should rhyme with titles of these carefully calibrated for The Danish Art of The Little Book of The Danish Way to Live A Celebration of Simple Living the Danish The Cozy Rediscover the Joy of Simple Things Through the Danish Concept of The Complete Guide to Embracing the Danish Concept of and Simple The Art of How to Bring Danish Cosiness Into Your How to the Secrets of The Book of The Danish Art of Living Keep Calm and A Guide to the Danish Art of Simple and conspiracy Read is the most striking publishing trend I can in terms of the sheer number of titles published at the same who writes about for the Bookseller told me. And there is also a 10th book a parody. Its publication was announced only 29 days after the first of the straight books came out. Say to How to Find Your Special Place suggests that the crucial word be pronounced This is not the only occasion when the parody is hard to distinguish from the volumes it is apparently as is the thing that everyone knows about the the word must now be almost by to any media story about anything remotely whether the subject is or working hours. The headlines are mostly absurd. Get With Hungry For Ten Reasons to It Will Make You Fitter and Give Your Home a There is even a New Statesman article titled The of Why I Find This Band Strangely to this now vast popular the creation of an atmosphere of is aided by meatballs and cardamom buns. Certain activities and often involving or are also said to promote feelings of One of the less sophisticated books suggests projects for making and a the latter to be fashioned from sequins and an old sock. Its advice to take up the activity of cycling is accompanied by a motivational quote from that byword of existential have seen used to sell cashmere vegan sewing a skincare festive harnesses for yoga retreats and a holiday in a in The Royal and in has even opened a Bar craft beer and open sandwiches a hard to pinpoint a definition for the Danish word proclaims the website. sits somewhere between warmth and cosiness and making the most of every away from worries. We wanted to borrow some of that and bring it to has been listed as a of the by both the and Oxford dictionaries alongside and in the annual exercise. Tremblings of a seen in skits such as a Daily Mash piece titled Is serve only to its ubiquity. The Daily Telegraph ran an article suggesting that readers adopt a version of the trend morning in I walked around John flagship store with its head of we ran our hands over throws and felt the nub of admired tableware that sharing and simplicity. The theme of the displays she warmth. Making sure things are ready to An early the store first promoted as a theme last autumn should have done it again this said Will I asked Will it be more than a flash in the definitely. People really want it and need it at the is catnip to social on there are almost posts of falling bowls of pumpkin soup and babies adorably wrapped in blankets. On there has been a rise of in pinning. Interest is especially strong in according to a spokeswoman for the where skyrocketed in this author of one of the books on called it second Viking But not quite has been deliberately imported and reinvented by eager The concept may be indelibly but the hype has been made in And amid the and frenzy of late this sudden taste for closing the door to the for retreating back to the is selling like has not arrived in our midst by accident. Its sudden presence in is a matter of deliberate inducement and persuasion. In its most visible manifestation the onslaught of books on the subject it is a trend that has been carefully concocted in the laboratory of publishing and then disseminated through the ready collaboration of an enthusiastic is book editors largely female and bright who created the formula of for a mass audience. The starting point for these young lifestyle alchemists was an article that appeared on the website in the first autumnal days of 2015. Its had been casting around for features and from the expanses of New Broadcasting four glassy floors above its newsroom. read about in popular memoir The Year of Living and heard the word on a cookery wondered whether I could work it up into a he told me so he In the word appeared in 40 pieces in national papers. This that figure has shot up to more than thought some people might think it was a slightly he said. In his published on 2 received over a million and was that day by only five stories two pieces on a school shooting in and articles on terrorism and cancer. It was a small island of cheer on a grim news day. The article was immediately followed up by others in the the Independent on and the the beginning of an extraordinary spike in in the word appeared in 40 pieces in national newspapers. This that figure has shot up to more than a bump of and not counting the huge proliferation of articles in and lifestyle person who saw the article was a publisher named Valentine. She was starting a new at the publishing conglomerate whose headquarters occupy an angular modern building on the north bank of the The article so many boxes on so many she said. with its crime its New its classic its consistent spot at the top of national happiness league was for a start. Then there was the notion in a time of that are looking to other cultures for guidance on how to live our lives. If you look at the lifestyle things like The Magic of Tidying which is inspired by Japan. Then there was last surprise a ode to the charms of aim was to publish books that would be bought by people who seemed like a perfect distillation of popular lifestyle obsessions beginning with has moved beyond being a publishing phenomenon and into being a way of and has fed into so many like books and adult She seemed to tie into an interest in digital So many recent she had been about and tidying eating. an antidote to all reflected on the publishing industry offering first one and then its as if handing out a sequence of uppers and downers. The industry loves repetitions and crossing one already popular book with so as to cook up a or designed to replicate the success of previous formulas. this context of it is perhaps inevitable that there is a book on the market this autumn. Watch for books about a word meaning lack of excess next last other editors were thinking similar thoughts. In the sleek art deco headquarters of Penguin Random and were on potential titles for their respective Penguin Life and Each had also spotted the they told when we met in a room off one of the echoing marble hallways. spend an embarrassing amount of my time flicking around the said at what people are reading and sharing on Twitter. is big for this. a case of looking at what people are talking the idea had been it was time to find writers but this was not a straightforward the notion of is so taken for granted in Danish language and culture that there was no cohort of authors or experts to call on. The editors had to either track down a willing or identify someone with tangentially related knowledge. Valentine contacted an agent she who suggested a writer on interiors and expert on design. approached political scientist who runs the Happiness Research a exactly the kind of thing the institute but the commission was since the association suggested to the reader that might help provide a shortcut to Danish levels of wellbeing. Happiness Research Institute has since become a ubiquitous presence in newspaper reports on the lending the imprimatur of social science to the found an actor in the Danish historical drama which had been shown on each of these the idea of writing about was unexpected told me his friends were amazed that anyone thought he could get a whole book out of the concept. was actually hoping to write a book about but she set about putting together a she had heard of but not given it much thought. I visited her at home in the she confessed that candles gave her was only at the end of through a colleague in the Penguin rights that and they were both publishing books on the same thing. despite the fact that they work in the same office and can see each other from their if they stand and look over the piles of Smiths and and The discovery necessitated a meeting over bad but it was a friendly not at said The have become the agents of the dissemination of Danish as if the idea had been invented in was actually quite told me because it meant was definitely interviewed for her book while he was working on The Little Book of though he let The first volume to come in was The Book of The Danish Art of Living published by which is also part of Penguin Random far book has been doing best a brisk trade at 46,000 copies in the according to Book and it is being published in 23 other countries. That means that the have become the agents of the dissemination of Danish as if the very idea had been invented in in a it book has its different takes a broadly sociological laced with disquisitions on interior design and cooking. is a notably pretty homey and scattered with reflections from ordinary writes as a foreigner investigating she combines expertise on Danish design with a approach about the search for contentment in her own for all the earnest cultural linguistic glosses and quotations from it is the more or less common in style to each that one falls hands cupping warm bicycles leaning against sheepskin rugs thrown over candles and summer trays of buns. To look at them is to long for that that that that stability for that of the imagination. Twitter A family relaxing together around a candlelit table you arrive in it quickly becomes clear that for is so omnipresent as to be almost invisible. It is used in numerous common phrases or is a common way of saying for example. It offers itself up elastically in verb and adjectival and is part of innumerable you can listen to have a sit in with perhaps enjoying There is a which to that to enjoy or authentic to with someone might mean to have a certain kind of sex not the As we walked down a street together in central chief executive of the newspaper answered her phone to her daughter. When she finished the brief call she told me that used used the adjectival form of three times kept telling her it would be to see sudden popularity abroad seemed both pleasing and bemusing to most of the I spoke as if there were a sudden craze in for books extolling the spiritual virtues of complete with an range of helpful accessories available for purchase. For its escape from national boundaries seemed a potential subject of study. should have an academic conference on the international fame of said an associate professor of linguistics at University. He believes he is the first person to have written an entire academic book chapter on the word from a linguistic perspective. surprised myself by being able to do he all its is also as a positive and particularly Danish value. Though the word itself is actually imported from its emergence as an element of national culture is sometimes traced back to loss of territory in the 18th and 19th when it was forced to abandon tracts of what are now and It is stitched deeper into its language than equivalents in countries as the and the and is firmly entangled with the way that Danish society and projects could almost see as the intimate analogue of the civic Danish welfare state. Both and the welfare state rely on a state of a feeling of smallness small circles of and an assumption of equality. Each feeds on the the welfare state offers the conditions for to for it ensures a working week and the time to devote to and on the other hand disdain of hierarchy and conspicuous consumption imparts values important to sustaining a society in which stark differences in financial means are banished. our basic needs are told me when she hosted breakfast for me at her apartment candle bread straight from the oven. need to fight for our survival and so we have time to do things that we find has their highly personal image of the most One brisk I met up with a contributor to book called who is a teacher of social media at a school that offers continuing education to adults. He took me to a community It was hosting a cheap communal supper to be followed by a game of bingo fun is a noticeable feature of Danish social There were 200 people everyone seemed and attractive. Our at the big communal table leaned over curiously. are you doing an asked one of them. He was called and worked as a project manager for Danish State Railways. he offered his own definition. me a lot about family. Being together. Candles. never about being about cakes from the place. cake you baked yourself. a feeling. something that has meaning in not a means to becoming a better like doing exercise. I associate it with being a the smell of my mother cooking onions in the next room. The smell of the lunch the following and her media commentator debated the meaning of is not said debates on philosophy and ideas not very . sugar and fat are the three key ingredients of He used to be beer and now She something about socks and He had many depending on whom you it was always and always tinged with nostalgia. Your mobile phone is not In its native is regarded as essentially and by definition yet at the same time it is helped along by certain consumer props especially candles or gently glowing told me that walking down the street in the she could look into her windows and spot who was Danish and who was just by their lighting as if was not merely the essence of but also a kind of cultural border that outsiders could not quite cross. told me a story about refugee friends of who had searched all over for fluorescent tubes to light their apartment the tale was told but their choice of domestic lighting was a marker of their otherness no would make a choice so lacking in had never encountered a bicycle shop before I visited but their windows were draped with bulbs agleam in the dusk. gave me an artificial which is the coming thing in as everyone is starting to get worried about how unhealthy it is to breathe candle fumes. It flickers it is made in nothing could be less political than since talking about controversial subjects is by definition not and yet it is clear that the concept lends itself to political use. and told me that the prime was the kind of guy you could imagine having a beer with. folksy and informal. one of the guys. And he gets away with murder said is a useful strategy for disguising power. you can cloak quite aggressive or radical acts with an impression of forget about everything. block out the world and have some nothing written about in suggests that it has a troubling side. book does mention that may sometimes feel excluding to outsiders. would be considered less if there were too many new people at an he told find it hard to penetrate Danish social can only really exist within groups who know each other already. But he stops well short of the kind of critique for brought to bear when we spoke. along the became a form of social said the Danish whose novel Signal will be published in in a little like in the cult of the book or the movie. a year published a chilling short inspired by an article she had read about a Danish man who had murdered his wife. He was quoted as told that he committed this act shortly after the couple had got together on the sofa. In the she is used as a way to suppress feelings in a family or relationship. Every time someone wants to address some kind of unpleasant this person is in danger of spoiling the and will be just which basically just just stay on the surface and behave a beautiful the Danish And also a little bit happily admitted to a little for she loves to partake in a bit of has candlesticks in her for she should see us at It scares the freak out of me. not allowed to be suppression of difference inherent in was not confined to family life. She related the word to historically largely agrarian economy and rural society. a very small nation and we all used to be although changing fast. In this kind of conformity is really important. provides a way of establishing Those who rock the who think who speak out are spoiling the she from there is one other peculiarly Danish notion that visitors tend to encounter. This is the law a set of attitudes said to govern Danish social described in satirical 1933 novel A Fugitive Crosses His Tracks. The first rule of the which takes its name from the fictional town of is not to think that you are anything and the others are more or less variations on that get too big for your breeches. stand out. be different. novel caused controversy for its unblinking vision of rural but the law of as containing a certain that and an almost aggressive are central to Danish culture. Twitter The founder of the Danish qualities may promote unity and solidarity of a sort useful in maintaining an egalitarian but not hard to see the drawbacks of cultural norms that suppress individuality or dissent. In the chapter on in book Cultural Semantics and Social A Case Study on the Danish Universe of he recounts a story about the football manager who took the Danish national team to their first World Cup in 1986 and quickly discovered that was an obstacle to the success. order to achieve any results in the national team had to go through a minor cultural wrote in his memoir. general attitude was that it should be fun and to be a part of the national common critique of according to is that it the democratic process weak because to discuss difficult things is not is more it has the he to provide a way for people to come together. But first it needs to be he wants to develop what he calls 2.0. The culture is in the process of establishing a for inviting to submit ideas about what they find most valuable in their national life. But himself has sounded a note of caution about placing in such a list it should be done if it is something that includes rather as is often the excludes. On second I want to take with us into the he said in an interview earlier this place where politics are set told me. But it is precisely this sense that it is beyond politics as well as its irreducible thus that allows it to be by particularly those of the xenophobic far who have become a rising force in Danish politics over the past decade. those who Danish it came as an unpleasant shock when it was reported earlier this year that parliament had approved a plan to strip refugees of their including and with an apparent unconcern for any troubling historical Of course excludes. The problem with is that these countries can only work if you shut the case in point is the founder of the Danish which is currently the party in parliament. has subtly projected herself as the protector of Danish against the unknown forces of the world. According to is part of the whole of the radical right wing in Their commercials will have all the emblematic who is now the speaker in gave an interview last year in which she in the importance of making her office with family porcelain and cannot thrive and work in offices that she a work environment is completely ordinary in when I visited the ambassador to he lit switched off overhead lighting and put a cushion behind my back. But and her allies use with and according to a popular image in which being Danish is about sitting round a table and eating cake or pork. they everyone outside that is not Danish and it taps into a fear that and refugees will destroy The Danish perspective is that is an almost perfect with its long its generous welfare and its cultural distinctiveness. But anything that threatens that safe including alien values and cannot be lightly encoded thought is that if is uniquely and can only be enjoyed by then migrants and outsiders will destroy the and therefore effectively destroy an editor on the newspaper course excludes. The whole problem with is that these countries can only really work if you shut the borders. You have all these ideals of kindness on the but for our solidarity to you need pretty tall Twitter socks are quintessentially Stock year in which has exploded as a lifestyle trend has been extraordinarily turbulent. If 23 was like an 8 was its answering tsunami a phenomenon yet more tremendous than the original shock. For all those who mourned and worried about the victories of and there were others who rejoiced. These disturbances revealed on both sides of the that are utterly divided. Young vs educated vs rural vs women vs black vs white cracks became gaping and obvious. If years can have 2016 was savage in its anger and abject in its the mood of 2016 could even be described as . The word does mean it does not summon up offices with severe furniture. It means it means sinister. If is sitting round the all differences warmed by the dancing is the darkness beyond that enchanted circle. in threatens to engulf the the the kindness. In the unfathomable bleakness of exist those terrible things from the outside that could destroy you. On some and those with starkly different bring with them the fearful perfume of In the tension between and the warmth of the hearth and the and the terror of the lonely world are linguistically bound together. You can see this reflected in Danish culture most for those of us in through its crime drama. joked to me that she thought was a kind of pressure release from all the the dark stuff has to come out Watching such is a way of keeping things at safely confined in a corner of the on a screen. The hero of the series The police officer operates in a that is dank and cold and unforgiving the chill weather and long winters from which is particularly adept at affording protection. She herself is far from the campfire. She is alone. She is terrible at intimate she backs out of rooms where family activities are taking with its darkness and exemplifies and yet the viewer most experience it from the safety and warmth of the family bottle of wine heating turned up. A detective story is a way of dealing with the it is about gathering and containing death and horror within a safe and predictable narrative structure. does the same work through different it draws us in towards warmth and togetherness and forgetting. But it also somehow depends on the existence of the too. In book a remark to the effect that an especially situation he remembered scent of a stew simmering on the an open a group of could have become more with the addition of just one a raging storm a an a If its emergence as an element of national culture is often traced back to loss of territory an embrace of the intimate smallness of newly sharp national borders perhaps its distinctly avatar disguises a similar national a of the drawbridge against the terror of the editors who coaxed the trend into existence were not weirdly accurate weather predicting the full bleakness of the conditions to come when they commissioned their books back in But they had put their fingers in the wind consciously or found in much that chimed with the this is the year in which has been found wanting by appeals to an earlier an imagined where one could take back control or make a country great again. The consumerist trappings of the books and throws and cushions and candles and holidays and are not just sold as products with a particular and practical but rather as magical objects that might summon up feelings and of safety and of comfort and of a appeals to both sides of our great political on the one hand it nostalgically hints at a better past of of simple and on the other it offers a refuge from the unleashed tempests of the asked me if I thought the appetite for in was partly about a fantasy of what might have if it had had the as a kind of but possible future. but if he is it would be a wonderful contradiction. When are asked whether they want a stronger welfare state and more equality the basics of a more life they tend to vote pretty hard. is hungry for the of but not the costs such as high taxation that come with for has an element of fantasy through the way it draws back from difference and debate then the import is a fantasy of a fantasy. may be quintessentially but there is something utterly about the nostalgic longing for the simple of an earlier time especially if it can be bought. At the same it is hard to deny that just at the the most natural thing in the world is to want to huddle round the fire and wish the outside away. Settle going to be a long Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long on on via on on on on on this content

the former health minister and government social mobility is at the helm of a new group funded in part by Sir to fight exit from the aim is to bring together disparate groups behind an explicit campaign to reverse the referendum decision to probably only after the government has revealed the content of its exit terms and the economy has aims to fight resurgent populism with campaign Read main at Open is not explicitly dedicated to remaining in the but instead wants to secure the softest possible for including maximum involvement in the single is instead setting tests by which can be and highlighting the risks of leaving the single market for a range of group is also separate from designed to revive the political ground to combat those who think populism is a solution to a leading public relations agency that was founded by a close friend of and is understood to have been commissioned to manage the strategy and marketing of the new Bell on the options cartoon Read email published by the Independent says has offered office space and cash to help the launch. The new is in part bringing together existing pressure groups both regional or based by as well as other more long standing groups such as the source said there is now agreement to press but there have been a lot of technical discussions about funding and the legal structure. One initial source of funding in the region of has come from the millionaire insurance broker and email have been beavering away over the last few months to get a campaign up and running. pleased to say that substantial progress has been have met the team several times and we are making good progress. I have been in discussions with an excellent potential to lead the are keen to help ... Since we last spoke have offered a further plus bigger office help with legal advice and a possible have held discussions with Stronger a new called Common Bob and a number of senior politicians across the party is a deal and what would it Read is a rivalry of sorts between the and with some claiming must be kept away from any and others challenging whether own private sector involvement after he left government puts him in a substantially stronger position with the key swing groups opposed to the Virgin spokesperson the Virgin has not made any payments to any campaign or is well known that supported the remain campaign before the and as a result people involved in all sides of the debate are interested in views on and its impact on business. Virgin is interested in engaging with different to understand the impact will have on the on on via on on on on on this content

Here is match report for you and that means that my work here is done. Thanks very much for reading as and for your emails. sets West on way to humbling of Read more well. West are up to ninth in the table after an emphatic and very much deserved victory. gave it a crack for the first 10 minutes of the second half but when the standout got the goal he it knocked the stuffing out of the visitors who have still managed to win just one point away from two wins in a row for West and we say that very often. And plenty of positives for the Baggies. They defended very in particular and could not live with nor pace. If stays and with to come back for West they can certainly consolidate their place in the top have loved to take something back with them but it will be their home form that determines whether they stay up and they will have to regroup quickly with City the visitors on looks dejected after his team were outrun and outfought at the Hawthorns. has some space to run down the right and lays it off to who has really grown into the game. He spreads it to the tireless but he do much with it. One last chance for as is fouled near halfway but the comes to nothing and that is that. a good one but both and get their heads to the ball but not enough contact and so a and and jump for the ball. Images Space opens up for who cuts in from the left and shoots with his right. gets in the way so another corner. 90 West are going through the motions a bit but picks it up 30 yards out with time to and he fires a low with the help of a deflection off and gets down to turn it around his right post. 89 is getting frustrated. delayed his pass to long and West caught him offside. They have certainly defended well. Foster thumps it out of play on the full before has to readjust to clear after good West pressure. 88 could do with the final whistle what with having to play City at the weekend clear and will now have a throw on the left. hacks straight into the air. 86 West are content to knock it about now but finds with an excellent cross field ball. takes a throw and are still under pressure. 85 Foster is going to take a just outside his but in no rush to do so. Brunt crops up on the whips in a cross and be a West throw on the left. 84 Brunt to take a corner from the right. again dangerous but all the way through to who finds His cross is all the way out on the left so the Clarets clear from the back. Gray wins a from in the circle. 83 West are cruising here really. threaten through Gray but West win it back and counter. to Brunt on the who fires over another a dangerous which almost finds 81 with the throw on the to who wins a foul after a push in the back from is coming on for West but Brunt will take the first. an excellent one but Ward and clear. 80 Foster goes picks up the loose ball but loses it to and fouls the midfielder. 79 is also on for replacing 78 on the right on to on the scramble clear but West come again. has it. Now who crosses as far as who traps it on his chest and after one bounce has a off is going off to an again understandably even bigger round of applause. is on. 77 West count charges through and gets his cross but it comes to nothing. That was a bit of a waste. 76 charges in field after the throw and wins a in a dangerous area. Perfect for a and will take it well struck but just a bit too close to as in straight at him. Foster actually almost lets it slip but gets enough to push it on to the top of the bar. 74 across to and inside to will have a throw on the but before that comes on for who understandably gets a big round of applause. 73 Gray gets a out on the now and again. On to and in to on his unleashes one of those shots that really accelerates late it catches Foster out a bit but he gets enough behind it. 72 Brunt whips in a dangerous clears. West have it at the back. in no finds and now and back to Foster. from the long ball goes to no one. 71 Brunt out to Fletcher on the towards but to clears and now has it at 70 Change for Gray is coming who has had a night to is coming off. 68 Oh after hacking races up the puts pressure on the covering defender and is eventually brought down by not small but he can shift alright. 67 pulls it down on the edge of the area but snatches at his shot a bit and well off target. does well down the right though and gets a low cross in. does well but a corner for the ball is looped into the West area but eventually hacks clear. 65 had been improved up until then but they are playing into West hands really with such a threat in space. deserves his goal as well. just have those kind of individual threats that West do. 64 down the left now. To in to and back to in the box. He pulls it just behind but the swivels around the lashes his right boot at it and the ball beats via Ward and turns to fire home the fourth. celebrates his deserved goal. Images 63 wins the long so West will have another. It seems to be a tactic to look for but it really worked so far Brunt takes it is for who has a pretty clear header from near the penalty spot but a few feet wide. 62 is fouled by half way so give the chance to go long. trots up to take it. is coming on for West soon by the looks of things. fouls after the is allowed to bounce. 59 is raging which would suggest West have come off the boil just a tad. goes long but to no one in particular so hoofs the hits the referee and now has in the box well defended by but the ball breaks to whose very good. 58 takes but puts too much on it looking for on the right. carries forward for and has it back again. into and comes deep. hard work for to make any kind of progress up the pitch with West happy to sit. though has space on the right and this time the cross is a good but West clear. 57 pushes it forward to who dummies to no one. And have a is fouled in the circle by who is not having the best of games.

The jockey John gave a and brazen account of how he claims to have stopped two as the rehearing of the Best case began on The matter was originally heard in but the verdict against a was subsequently struck down and the matter is now being reheard over the whole of this week at the offices of the with an outside chance of a verdict on claims Best instructed him to ensure Echo and Missile Man were well beaten when they raced in a charge Best denies. The credibility came under immediate attack from acting for who repeatedly pressed John on the issue of whether a deal had been done with the in exchange for his recent gallops injury has left John with a broken collar bone and his right arm in a sling. Wincing as he gave he described his efforts to stop the two horses in terms which would infuriate any accuses of over Best case Read torn his teeth out for the last mile and a John watching footage of Echo crossing the line at in fifth 24 lengths behind the winner. At an earlier point in the the jockey looks like trying to give it a kick and a squeeze but you can see as I do that fighting with his head. deceptive on the stewards and the punters. It looks like trying when claimed he had used with his whip on both horses and spoke also of giving a or a to improve the look of a ride. He said he knew where cameras were positioned around the track and would make a visible effort when near the painted a picture of John as a jockey whose career was hanging by a thread after he had left the service of three other trainers within 18 months. Jump jockeys at the early phase of their career are expected to stay with their trainer for at least a year. When John signed up with Best in August the sent a letter to the jockey explaining it had about his employment history and noting if he left yard in less than a he would not get another unless there were than four months the stewards found John had made insufficient effort on both Echo and Missile Man. referred to a email from the to saying it would not seek to have him disqualified if he pleaded guilty and gave evidence that Best had told him to stop the horses. a asked was no deal the jockey insisted. decided to come clean about and effectively made that one worse for myself. now an amateur and I ridden since I rode for Best at late argued that problems with employers arose from his being talented but in the saddle and aggressive and difficult to out of which John denied. John claimed he left one Victor because he was having trouble getting time off to take his mother to hospital for cancer support of his showed John footage of two rides which went badly wrong for the jockey. On Mother at he came within a few feet of going on to the wrong riding straight ahead while other jockeys followed the course to the right. On at he slipped haplessly from the saddle while leading at the top of the claimed the tumble was the result of his having lost in 12 in order to make the weight for the ride. He said he had lost the weight by taking a hot bath while in baby and drinking a pint of water containing four tablespoons of acknowledged that he had once fought with his fellow jockey Bass over a incident at He denied to head squared up to me and then I called him a jockey also denied repeated suggestions from that he liked a insisting he might only have little brandy at When the barrister produced photos of John with friends in a John can be in a pub without having a and insisted that fingers shown clasped around a bottle were not also denied a suggestion from that he had associates of his to confront and threaten him in an effort to dissuade him from giving evidence to the first hearing in of documents has been a vexed issue throughout this case and ended the first hearing by pressing the about a meeting between the regulator and solicitor on 21 No note of that meeting has been shared with the told the panel that the me he has checked and looked and found He added there had been unhappy to disclosure of documents in the on on via on on on on on this content

The composer and pianist get a chance to speak to renowned vocal prodigy and Faith No More Mike very admits this makes him feel and given the pair will be performing as in less than two months time in a show at the Festival of Music and Art in they speak to each other during an interview with Guardian there is catching up to be done first. They last time they spoke was in side project to perform at festival in world first Read the fuck are asks. in fucking Get the fuck out of here. surprised. Usually in explains that between now and their performance together in no way going to be on the same piece of the Earth is renowned for being a workaholic and taking on multiple projects at such as touring with his multitude of bands that include and writing film or collaborating with artists ranging from John to John is constantly on the touring with various bands and improvisational writing concert works for ensembles and and running the text and music relationship with is always very you says. I love this guy. I love the more considered of the explains that much of their collaboration as is done over email. In 2014 released their an mix of exotic symphonic winds and rock punctuated by vocals which took about four years to complete. was years of swapping stuff back and forth over email and building on it over an extended says. took a long time. The drums were recorded in clarinets in the brass in And eventually we met together in for three days to do the and we mixed it in needed to do the vocals because were not really any other he says. with a vocal range of six has appeared at the top of lists like most versatile vocalist and best ahead of Guns Rose and avant soprano Twitter took four years to mostly over laughs dismissively at such the fact that terms of the arrangements and orchestration for not many singers qualified to actually handle has the avant the orchestral the rock sensibility and the sensibility to deal with this kind of and those are all angles and histories I like to address in the key thing which I feel Mike can actually do is have that compositional logic while remaining free and open to the moment. So we work around our respective schedules and make it work because we both love the work so this versatility that has seen croon and under the moniker use his voice as both an instrument and a noise machine with experimental rock band and for on her describes as the rare type of artist who can perform a complex song all the way through in one take. today kind of piece things together and then a take is put together in an edited he says. Mike is part of a generation of musicians who can do the take all the way through and a certain feel and discipline to which a lot of musicians today are not aware of. That discipline and focus in a take is increasingly rare and is a privilege to and what I really admire in responds that while his first takes are pretty fucking he is more than happy to take advantage of technology to clean up a rhythm or redo his vocal says the idea of performing live with is challenging. The which explored the concept of murder of and which had wrongly assumed would be a piano and vocals is full of foreboding landscapes by an array of erratic instrumentals. very tricky. the kind of music that makes me no easy way of doing says. you have to figure out a way. You make a record and the record is beautiful but when you want to present it a whole other of on sex and why size matters Read pair are also producing new material separate to to perform for which by be slightly more contained. notion of a traditional band really function for says. for we had quite a long conversation about how we could do this live and that took a while to establish a year and a half or something. a little less on on via on on on on on this content

Train companies will only have to provide slow free for customers despite a government pledge to introduce cheap across the rail the general the government announced that all train operators bidding on future franchises and direct contracts in England and Wales would have to include free as part of their pitches. The Department for Transport even found almost of funding for several including Southeastern and Trains to make sure free could be introduced on some lines by announces arrival of free on trains from 2017 Read the digital policy revealed in a parliamentary debate that the minimum speed required on those bids was 1 megabit per second per allows for basic web basic email and social media speed means a video would take hours to download and even just opening an email with an attachment would be a lengthy process. This is about a decade out of date for business even though the government wanted free to enable commuters keep up with said this minimum requirement would be increased by a year and franchise bidders were already exceeding this threshold. For will provide up to 100 per passenger by 2019 on the East a senior rail executive told the Guardian train operators could not be relied upon to guarantee fast broadband given their track records. He on trains is becoming an essential requirement for any business person but train companies in this country have been a bit slow on getting on board with better and mobile access expected to be in budget giveaway Read the passenger director at the watchdog Transport speed and connectivity can be patchy. Some operators charge for connections while while several do not offer any at all. know that passengers now expect free access to on trains it was in their top 10 priorities for improvement so we urge future franchises to ensure they have the capability to deliver digital economy has pushed the government to commit to fast rail broadband through legislation. She is considering an amendment to the digital economy which will return to the floor of the Commons next week. free on public transport is not just a better service for passengers but improves productivity and supports business as well. Trains to get free at cost of Read third of the major rail franchises still do not provide free and the standard specification is only 1 per which will be very even for some basic activity such as downloading an email with an attachment. the huge profits made by the private train the government should be pushing them to go is also preparing an amendment to the bus services which would force bus operators to provide free goes for trains should go for the rest of our public transport network she spokesman are investing record amounts in our railways to improve journeys and expect that of all trains will have access to by the end of with virtually by on on via on on on on on this content

Small changes can make a big difference to the lives of staff with according to principal lecturer at the school of pharmacy at University. She staff disability which the university consults when planning new buildings or travel someone introduces a new idea which is wonderful but there might be one little thing that they thought about. really rewarding to be able to mend that for other says who has repetitive strain injury. For the group has been able to suggest putting push pads on heavy doors that some staff struggle to open. university does actually take account of what we it just lip the Equality Act like other have to make reasonable adjustments as soon as staff disclose a to ensure that they do not face barriers when carrying out their director of human resources at Queen University of and secretary of the representative body Universities Human says the strides that have been made in promoting gender thanks to the Swan are making universities more attuned to other forms of inequality. Many have been putting effort into supporting students with disabilities in recent she and now that staff need it is probably more we need to do to get line managers to what their responsibilities she says. always understand what they can do with reasonable adjustments or what support might be available to help people with a disability get back into the workplace. If you are not experienced it can be quite universities are members of the Two Ticks scheme replaced by the Disability Confident awarded by the Department for Work and Plus to help job applicants identify committed to helping workers with disabilities. Some have also signed up to which provides information about accessibility in public places. This can be a particular problem for institutions with buildings that are more than 100 years making disability is particularly says equality and diversity manager at because people are often worried about declaring a disability or asking for university offers training in awareness of different runs a disability awareness month and records separately absences related to disability. It also offers help with applying for government Access to Work grants. is about getting the best from everybody we she equality and diversity specialist at Metropolitan University and of the National Association of Disabled Staff says addressing disability is no longer considered niche. not just about she IT job is the perfect Twitter people interviewing me focused on me and my says Fay Fay first applied for jobs after qualifying as a professional librarian she found it impossible to get an interview. When she stopped mentioning her brittle bone condition in the application she would get interviews but no job offer. Then she applied to University at the time known as Polytechnic. people who interviewed me were she says. focused on me and my skills and not my is still there 33 years later and has been promoted in to different roles and is now team manager. a librarian by I have morphed into IT. It really suits me. It is but gives me contact with a lot of people. It has been the perfect the years her condition has worsened she now needs to use a mobility scooter but her changing needs have been she says. For the university has allowed her to work hours but four days a giving her off to her body and she can also work from home if she is feeling so long as she does not have meetings to says she has a dedicated parking space and level access to the building. She also has a bespoke chair and desk and is given enough space around the desk for her to park her scooter. When her and her team have needed to move into new buildings occupational health and health and safety officers helped to work out whether the new space is likely to raise any problems. A network of staff with disabilities has also been established. The network is often asked for advice on the implications of new university projects for people with which means problems can be prevented before they arise. With this support in feels she has been able to work hard and progress in her role. I been working with another I have progressed in the way I the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and on on via on on on on on this content

The boss of a payday loans company hired computer hackers to try to sabotage a consumer rights website after it had carried complaints about his was tracked down by the after he paid hackers to launch an attack on the Consumer Action Group crown court heard the owner of Elite also paid hackers to target websites of rival payday loan companies. of South was sentenced to four months in suspended for 12 months. He was also ordered to carry out 180 hours of unpaid work and told to pay in costs after admitting five charges of commissioning court was told that contacted hackers after being on the a forum for the discussion of consumer rights. One comment relating to firm companies are preying on people already in a vulnerable position and making life they should be shut tracked down hackers on an forum about hacking and paid one to try to take the website though it did not work. He also paid to hackers to mount against the websites of competitors. They used a tactic called distributed denial of which typically involves flooding the target with superfluous requests in an attempt to overload their systems. for the effects of such attacks are significant as the companies are so reliant on their websites to generate court was told used the Liberty Reserve payment based in which allowed users to transfer money by giving a date of birth and email was shut down by the US government in May 2013 amid fears it was being used by criminals. During its investigation into the the came across dealings with hackers and contacted officers in the The home was raided and his computer equipment seized. claims his company had initially been targeted by other companies. an area of business which is highly competitive and some use unethical practices. He said he lost a day when his website was for the told the court the consumer site had detailed the married personal and encouraged users to contact a low risk of him committing further of this nature. now working as a carpet The court heard Elite Loans has since stopped recorder of Judge told the a period of two years you resorted through revenge to try and disrupt websites. You were prepared to spend quite considerable amounts of money to achieve this After the shows the lengths these payday loans companies will go to in a bid to silence their critics. He was upset and contacted a hacker in the US. But it was a very stupid thing to do and it failed to said his free website had 350,000 members who share consumer on on via on on on on on this content

The Guardian has teamed up with Old Mutual Wealth to offer readers the chance to give a child between the ages of seven and 13 the chance to be the Old Mutual Wealth ball carrier at for the England v match on 26 The winner gets to walk out onto the pitch ahead of the players and deliver the match ball. The ball carrier will also receive four tickets to watch the England v match as well for the ball carrier and three for The youngster will also get to keep a as a further memento of their experience on the day. To answer this question and The competition is closed to employees of any company in the Guardian Media Group and any person in the reasonable should be excluded due to their involvement or connection with this promotion. Entrants must be 18 or Answer the question correctly and complete your personal details on the form and your details will be entered into a free prize draw. Only one entry per Entries must be made personally. Entries made through parties are invalid. Entry indicates acceptance of terms and The prize a place for a child between the ages of seven and 13 to be the ball carrier at for the England v match on 26 and four tickets to watch the one of which is for the child who carries the ball. Travel to and from the venue is not nor is No purchase necessary to enter. Fill in the application form with the necessary name and mobile All entries must be received by midday on 23 2016.7. The winner will be notified before on 24 2016 by telephone or email. Prize details can be obtained by writing to Guardian Sport at Guardian News Media Kings 90 Stamped addressed envelope Winners will be the first entry drawn at random from all qualifying entries by an independent judge on 23 2016. The decision is There is no cash or other alternative to these prizes in whole or in part. Prize is not transferable in whole or in part. Prize is not for The winners will be required to participate in all required including any presentation The decision of the promoter in all matters is final and binding and no correspondence will be entered The promoter is not responsible for any third party acts or We cannot guarantee that the event will be free from failings or cancellations. We are not liable for such failings or cancellations unless they are caused by our negligence. Any requests for refunds or compensation arising from them should be sent to the operator of the event. We can provide you with their details on The promoter reserves the right to cancel or amend this promotion due to events or circumstances arising beyond its The prize is subject to the terms and conditions listed accepts no responsibility for any injury or disappointment incurred or suffered by you as a result of entering the Competition or accepting the prize. further disclaims liability for any injury or damage to your or any other computer relating to or resulting from participation in or downloading any materials in connection with the Competition. Nothing shall exclude the liability of for death or personal injury as a result of either reserves the right at any time and from time to time to modify or temporarily or this Competition with or without prior notice due to reasons outside its The Competition will be governed by law. Guardian News Media Kings 90 rugby union on on via on on on on on this content

Jokes about the sex life on Radio 4 show and Fox News host coverage of the US election have been found in breach of broadcasting episode of Make Me which aired at on the 90th included the subject Queen must have had sex at least four Panelists included and with introducing the second regulator said some of the jokes about the Queen and Prince were not justified by the and were even more likely to cause because listeners would have thought they were being deliberately broadcast on the birthday. The was cleared by executives before the broadcast date was Trust previously ruled that the segment breached its editorial guidelines and the show has since been considered that comments about the Queen and the Duke of were made in a mocking which would have been perceived by many listeners as humiliating and intrusive. took into account that the Queen and the Duke of were public figures with wide exposure in the media. Twitter Fox News presenter speaks at a Republican campaign rally. we considered that the mocking and demeaning tone of these comments made them capable of causing The potential for was increased by the fact that these remarks were broadcast on the 90th also censured show over its coverage of the US election in three broadcasts in early saying it an overwhelmingly in of bid for the White episodes of included segments on topics such as the investigation into use of a private email server which have not resulted in any charges and an interview with regulator said the did not follow due impartiality rules requiring it to reflect arguments in of despite viewers expecting the show to present a more view of a Republican presidential candidate. has been for his coverage and providing the then presidential candidate with free publicity. His Fox has implied that show was a safe space for Trump to is the first time has found in breach of its but Fox News has been censured five times over the past five years. Previous breaches include airing views on the day of the referendum on membership and claims that was a for on on via on on on on on this content

says reality will force Trump to adjust his has warned the that he be able to pursue many of his more controversial policies once he is in office. Speaking at the meeting in said he could not guarantee Trump would not try to implement controversial positions he took during campaign but he could guarantee will force him to how he approaches the issues. In his final international speech before he leaves the White House in offered a glimpse into how he envisions life after the presidency. He said he intend to become constant but reserved the right to speak says reality will force Trump to adjust his approach Twitter says he be a constant critic of attorney general pick accused of racial slur against black official in Trump faces criticism of his business interests and transition his nomination of Senator Sessions for US attorney general has reopened a dispute over views on race. who has been a senator since was once accused of calling a black official in a and then gave a false explanation to the US Senate when testifying about the allegation. In Sessions was said to have used the racist term to refer to the first black man to be elected as a county commissioner in where Sessions was a Republican party official and a federal prosecutor. When asked about the remark five years later during Senate confirmation hearings on his nomination for a federal Sessions denied saying the remark and said there was not a black county commissioner at that time. records show Wicks was elected in 1980 more than a year before Sessions allegedly referred to him using the racist term. nomination to the southern judgeship was ultimately rejected by a US Senate judiciary attorney general pick accused of racial slur against black official in 1981 I am out of inside the world of abortions were supposed to have become a thing of the after the US supreme court established a right to a legal abortion in its landmark 1973 Roe v Wade decision. But opponents of the law have since whittled those rights and now Trump has promised even more restrictions. abortions are still a if largely hidden phenomenon one that even rights groups are only just beginning to grasp. In 2015 a Dutch organization received more than 600 emails from women in the United States seeking a way to end their own pregnancies. Molly Redden reviewed these emails and spoke to to doctors and to a woman from who to when she could not afford an abortion in the I am out of inside the murky world of or not to For many the answer is why of vote in the US presidential election. Then on 9 the day after the Trump declared victory over and the country was facing mass protests and questions about who turned out to vote. Some voters abstained as an act of rebellion. For voter registration deadlines or a feeling that nothing would change were to or not to For many the answer is why Rock hundreds clash with police over Access enforcement officials in North have deployed tear gas and water hoses against hundreds of activists protesting against the Access pipeline on in the latest clash between unarmed activists and police. Protesters also reported being hit with rubber bullets and percussion grenades on a bridge just north of the encampments established by indigenous and environmental activists in opposition to the controversial pipeline. One person was 167 were injured and seven were taken to the Rock hundreds clash with police over Access the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a of undocumented young people start to crumble after Trump that a Trump presidency could force hundreds of thousands of undocumented immigrants back into the shadows have already started to as young are giving up hope of acquiring legal status just days after the presidential election. Immigration lawyers are advising undocumented known as to stop applying for temporary work permits through Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals a program introduced by on the grounds that it could expose them to potential deportation once Trump is in power. The has plans to scrap the scheme as one of his first acts in of undocumented young people start to crumble after Trump train death toll rises as survival hopes death toll of train derailment in northern rose to 138 as rescue workers said hopes were fading that they would find anyone else alive. The express train swerved off the tracks near the village of at on Witnesses described being jolted awake as 14 carriages crumpled into one leaving hundreds of people trapped for hours on morning. Police said the cause of the crash was still unknown and would be announced only after a full investigation was train death toll rises as survival hopes why was everyone was talking about this heard that Mike Pence went to see on night. After a lead actor in the show read a statement from the Trump criticized the hit musical in a series of tweets. Experts say decision to lash out was a distraction from his Trump University settlement and transition troubles. While on the subject of check out our profile of the creative mind behind the from the baiting distracts from transition experts US Access on on via on on on on on this content

the home of free thought and discussion. the fantasy I had in mind as I sprung through its doors on a day in eager to get cracking with some intellectual University students vote for campus ban on Mail and Express Read it quite panned out like that. On morning I received an email explaining that my union had voted to ban the the Daily Mail and the Daily Express from campus. Their reasoning was that these outlets a tendency to fuel racial tension and hatred in And as a journalism student here at City University I can understand at least some of their concerns. Whether the objectification of the migrant bashing or the campaign against it can often feel as if these papers do more damage than their presence is these fringe publications read by a radical minority. Together these tabloids represent nearly half of the daily newspaper readership. To ban them in ignore the voice of swathes of the population is to ignore the realities of modern The entitled Fascism and Social Divisiveness in the is a contradiction of the very values that the union claims it is protecting. nothing remotely liberal about silencing those you may not agree with. The great irony here is that City is home to one of the top journalism schools. said to hold a within the has been described as of and has sent graduates into the most prestigious jobs in the the idea that its union feels it must act as a shield against the of the tabloid press is worrying. worth pointing out that less than of the population a mere 190 students turned out to vote on the motion. To this is proof that the result is by no means representative of the student population. But it is frustrating to know that such a small number of misguided idealists have had such an effect on the rest of us even if the ban itself seems practically impossible to implement. Many other journalism students I have spoken to are strongly opposed to the vote. student newspaper ban has damaged the reputation of the journalism department more the chances of students to get jobs in the free speech in universities under Read we accept this then we allow ourselves to become part of an authoritarian department's mannequin campaigning for free speech. have been launched and protests took place today in the journalism department. But even if this ban does get as it now seems it the very fact that it was so easily given the is worrying. If 2016 has taught us one that the is far more divided than we ever thought. The blame for that in some with these tabloids and their rhetoric. I detest the xenophobia and they have spouted as much as the next But these are issues that need to be argued. Shooing them away simply work. If the 3.6 million daily readers of the Mail and Express deserve to be part of the then never know who does. Keep up with the latest on Guardian follow us on Twitter at and become a member to receive exclusive benefits and our weekly University of of on on via on on on on on this content

I just found out that I am four weeks cannot carry on with this pregnancy for numerous reasons and I want to have an abortion. Though it is an option for me in the United in it is not really an option because the to have it done is simply out of the question. hoping you can advise me and are able to help. I am absolutely read through her email once again and hovered her finger over the send button. The message was addressed half a world away to Women on a Dutch group that mails abortion drugs to pregnant women who live in countries where abortion is outlawed. lives in where abortion is restricted but legal making it one of the places where Women on Web refuses to mail the drugs. thought she would try her luck. She had lost her job to and in its place she had found only work. Her rent had gone up. she was borrowing money for was no question that she afford to have a child. The question was whether she could even afford an had an inkling that what she was asking for help performing her own abortion might not be fully legal. But she was out of answers. She hit send. Then she began to case the for other ways she could cause her own this scene feels out of place in that may be because there was a time in this history when thousands of and abortions prompted calls for the procedure to be legal. After the US supreme court established a right to a legal in the 1973 decision Roe v abortions were supposed to become a thing of the almost as soon as the court legalized opponents of abortion rights began to whittle them away. Congress began prohibiting poor women from using to cover abortions in 1976. the largest expansion in allowed insurers to continue to pick and choose the circumstances under which they would cover abortion and allowed states to ban the coverage altogether. The two decisions have ensured that millions of women who have sought an abortion have had to pay for it out of pocket. And a sweeping wave of laws has closed clinics in many cresting with an awesome force over the last five such a hostile it is no wonder that abortions are still a if largely hidden phenomenon one that even rights groups are only just beginning to grasp. One study of abortion patients found that had tried at some point in their induce their own abortions without professional medical assistance. Another estimated that potentially of women have tried to or at least 100,000 kind of kept under the so it needs to be talked is no concrete data on how many women in the US have tried to But there is some evidence although it is inconclusive to suggest that attempts are on the rise. From 2008 to as the economy worsened and a wave of new restrictions choked abortion access around the queries about abortion almost according to an economist who analyzes this crisis of reproductive rights now walks Trump. As Trump has promised to restrict abortion even further. He has vowed to nominate justices to the supreme court who might overturn Roe v Wade. because the court is loath to reverse has survived such threats before. But Trump has explicitly promised to nominate justices who might put Roe in their In his first major interview after winning Trump described truthfully what might happen to some women if Roe v Wade were overturned. perhaps have to have to go to another he said. he was asked. Trump see what we have to wait and see what happens. History has already shown us what happens when women in the US access abortion. So has the present day. In 2015 Women on the Dutch received more than 600 emails from US women looking for a way to end their own pregnancies. group does not send abortion drugs to the because the US does not outright ban Women on Web agreed to share scores of these emails with the providing an unprecedented window into the lives of women who feel they have no other option but to end their pregnancies the hundreds who wrote to Women on Web was She contacted the Guardian shortly after she found out about her unwanted pregnancy and shared every step of her which eventually took her across an international border. she provided including of her travel documents. Her name has been changed for her She sure if she faced a potential legal risk. And in is in a legal gray and many enterprising prosecutors have charged women who carried out their own abortions with crimes. felt compelled to feel like such a negative stigma to she said. kind of kept under the so it needs to be talked People needed to she that abortion restrictions had real victims. not really helping anyone. not really protecting anyone. just causing women who are in these situations who feel desperate to take desperate letters to Women on Web form a uniform chorus of desperation. and and and appear in dozens of signaling the nature of how these women became stranded. he is threatening saying I can never am afraid of what he is capable a variety of an abortion must look like a has to look like a have Parenthood wants My bf and I live in our afford an simply cannot afford an teenager in a state where minors need parental consent for an abortion said her parents were forcing her to have her woman in wrote to say that she had gone to her only abortion the shamed me into going back. not a citizen and its a little scary I feel very am beside read another email. One month before she wrote her she was raped. She received her coverage through the insurance plan for military personnel and their families. policy is to cover abortion in cases of rape as long as a doctor has a faith that the rape according to a spokesman. But this woman wrote that refused to pay for her abortion on the basis that she never reported the end this she would cost me of my monthly She have seen a doctor. I have had a covers that. I can give birth to my baby for I am out of the letters read. u please cry and pray every night that the Lord take this child from me will keep searching for is striking about reading these emails one after another after another is the diversity of experiences that lead all these women down the same path. There are homeless women and women and married women and single women living in cities and women separated from the nearest abortion provider by an two wrote in from the big island of where the last a Planned Parenthood in closed in people think about women seeking they have this stereotypical vision of a single woman on said head of the Reproductive Freedom Fund. Her group provides financial assistance for abortions. also people who have two jobs. Six hundred dollars is a lot of fucking money. For a lot of the people who call us not a but many those barriers are just too high. Even with our on Web wrote back to a few hours after she sent her message. the reply on Web cannot provide the service in any country with safe abortion The email listed a few abortion funds could call for financial assistance. Then it recommended another you live close to you can also travel to to buy a drug that can induce a miscarriage early in a sounded like a gamble. felt a jolt of fear. if What if I do it What if I fuck up my organs She pushed these thoughts aside. At least it was an learned that her insurance would not cover her abortion and left messages with two abortion funds. She also found a world of websites describing ways to induce abortions with herbs or vitamins. Following advice from the sources that looked the most she began taking cinnamon capsules and several thousand milligrams of vitamin C per not unheard of for women to turn to herbal reproductive rights advocates said. considered an thing to do this is just how handled it for said the director of counseling at Choices Medical an abortion clinic in Queens. Her patients occasionally use an herbal brew to try to induce a miscarriage. The resounds with such recipes. you probably in is hundreds of people doing it hundreds of different said the president of Health a reproductive rights research group. way always there supposed to be hundreds of different abortion was supposed to have all but disappeared after the supreme court established the right to an abortion throughout the country. In the to Roe v in the late and early abortion was restricted to a handful of major cities and the women with the means to travel there. Roughly 100,000 women crossed state lines for a legal abortion in New in a single the number of women going to illegal providers or trying to was up to 12 times that. Some up to 200 women would die of complications from illegal or abortions. And compared with the number of women who survived horrific that figure appears small. In 1968 a single County hospital treated 701 women suffering from septic not if a woman really does feel that she needs to terminate her she may be willing to try just about just a few years after the country seemed to vanquish the abortion. In the Centers for Disease Control announced that only three women had died the previous year from abortion complications a stunning reduction in deaths. When activists accused the centers of the according to the book Inside the put up a bounty for proof of any abortion death the centers had failed to report. paid out zero one official recalled others realized even though women were no longer dying in scandalous illegal and abortions were still a serious announcement came out the same year Doe began to do his medical residency. In the remote corner of he rotated through an obstetrics ward that received many of the most impoverished residents. The only abortion clinic stood in the opposite corner of the state. even though abortion technically was for those Doe of his first patients had unraveled a wire coat hanger and used it to break her water. Another broke her water with a red rubber catheter her friend had stolen from a memory of another patient is dominated by her screams. As she seized in doctors removed an intact cotton boll the husk was still attached from her vagina. She had soaked the cotton fibers in turpentine and three I suppose I saw a dozen said Doe. agreed to speak only under a pseudonym. He works as an abortion provider in and has kept his identity hidden from the He treated women who had gone to abortion providers and a woman who had shot herself in the stomach. Turpentine became a kind of harrowing motif. One woman used a syringe to inject it into her abdomen. The tide only ceased in when two abortion clinics opened a few months apart in nearby Bossier City and Roe v Wade was seven years making it legal is not Doe said. not if a woman really does feel that she needs to terminate her she may be willing to try just about were not isolated experiences. In became one of the first women to die from an illicit abortion after Roe v Wade. had previously had one legal paid for using But in Congress passed the which banned the use of federal funds to pay for abortion and which many advocates still consider the biggest barrier to abortion access today. The next time became she sought out an unlicensed midwife in She died of a bacterial nearly every year after Roe v Wade brought isolated reports of a woman taking drastic steps to terminate her pregnancy. Three young women in poisoned their livers by drinking tiny amounts of aromatherapy oil to try to induce an abortion. A teenager injected herself with a local anesthetic and attempted to cut out her fetus. A teenager placed a pillow over her abdomen and shot herself in the side. Earlier this a woman in was charged with aggravated assault for trying to give herself an abortion with a coat hanger. She was found out after profuse bleeding sent her to the emergency is against this backdrop of tragedies that some reproductive rights activists have argued for making the same abortion drugs used routinely in clinics available to women in their homes. would be phenomenal if people could receive this medication in the mail with all the and the right safety said the executive director of the National Network of Abortion Funds. she the is allowing untold numbers of to find and use the drug without medical supervision. Among the 700,000 searches on identified in some 160,000 were searches for a way to obtain the abortion pill through back channels. Is there a chance those searches could increase under a Trump said is something that one could reasonably predict in an environment where abortion becomes even or even more inaccessible than it has been. We will do anything in our power to get people the information and the care that they Even her group posts instructions for on its website Not all advocates feel good about disseminating this information. But they consider it better than the answered one of the of her advocacy career. A young woman was on the saying her friend had given her a home remedy. Her friend claimed to have used this method to end four separate even though each time it sent her to the we helped this woman go to a before she could do something said. friend had told her to drink turpentine with a crisis pregnancy an ultrasound confirmed that home remedies worked. She was still pregnant. The distress must have shown on her because the technician offered a flurry of reassurances. They see a lot of single moms who do it on their own. They have a store that sells baby clothes at a markdown. They help with discounts on daycare. fumed. A baby is more than just buying clothes and she her she was already reviewing her plan. She had heard back from only one abortion which had turned her down for assistance because she had a job. And for a quarter of what a US abortion clinic would she had purchased a flight to City. The flight left the next day. She would stay with a friend. Abortion pills would cost about at a pharmacy if she could find a pharmacy that carried the drug and would sell it to a young she would take the drugs at her house. gonna say on my so I hate that this is ruining the I feel so she sounding perfectly kind of like when drowning. If you just flap just going to drown. But if you focus on what the goal on what you need to stay how going to had relied on this kind of subterfuge for the past several weeks. Friends had noticed she was distracted. Her boss had noticed she was nauseous. whole time that been and that known been all thought she said. almost cried like five times But you have to push that aside and act like she I was zoned out for a just not feeling more difficult challenge was hiding her pregnancy from her boyfriend. She knew he would want to start a family. At she was taking so much medication to keep from vomiting in front of him that she no longer had enough to sustain her through the work feel but you do anything about she said. just kind of have to put my feeling outside of it. You need to focus. What do you need to do in order to move kind of like when drowning. If you just flap just going to drown. But if you focus on what the goal on what you need to stay how going to was the sixth pharmacy went to in that sold her the The first a mix of big national chains and mom and pop claimed they carry it. She felt at least one pharmacist was lying to her. she returned to the first store to if not where could she buy little while she paid for a blue carton about the size of her hand. it said. an exciting holding the box. It was said. just like a feeling. She was still too nauseous to take the pills while she was in so she would have to take them in the United States. It was a panicky bringing pills back through customs. But there was a larger fear. biggest concern what happens if someone finds What happens if something goes had said a few days earlier. happens if my body completely rid In most abortion she a medication abortion was induced with two one drug to terminate the and to expel the pregnancy. She would only be taking the the She knew what symptoms would tell her something had gone wrong. But still. just so many questions. I would so much rather have a health professional help me in this and kind of guide me through it versus some things meant for and this is definitely one of is impossible to know what happened to all the other women who reached out to Women on Web. But a study of women who were rejected because they were past the gestational limit found that most of them carried their pregnancies to the said that many women who struggle to pay for an abortion eventually get creative. Not long she spoke to a mother who was weighing whether to raid her diaper fund to pay for her abortion. It was unlikely her parents would lend her money for an she but they would probably help her buy more are no more creative problem and I mean than women with no she said. saying that with the utmost because there are people who will think of all this as shady. And not. seen people and being in coming up with ways to a skill she fears more women might need in the future. trip had cost a fraction of the money she needed to raise for an abortion in a US clinic something her mind was still trying to grasp. whole time I was I believe it was she were speaking a few days after she returned from An ultrasound had just confirmed that she was no longer and her voice was sunny. am so to be She until she was no longer how much stress she had placed on herself. she felt like she could she said. Like she could step back on the path of her life and figure out where she had been when she had taken the pills on a She took the first dose. She set a timer on her phone. Then she took the second dose. The pills worked just like they were supposed to. She but not too much. She felt the pregnancy pass. She felt then it was abortion in on on via on on on on on this content

The website of foremost replica furniture boasts that the firm created to make great design accessible to before greatest furniture designs are back where they in your not. They are in fact in a warehouse in County unless the customers who ordered them travel to to collect or pay a delivery firm to do they will be resold or them is a chair ordered by back in made in the style of Danish designer The confirmation email stated it would take up to 12 weeks to arrive at her and the full including was debited from her account. Those 12 weeks came and then out of the blue in August she was contacted by a shipping company demanding to deliver the chair from called only for the firm to disclose that it had moved to since she placed her order. It offered to deduct from the price of the chair to cover the extra shipping it reinvented itself as an company in May to escape new copyright laws that would have rendered much of its merchandise illegal. no mention of the relocation on its which also does not give an and the on delivery and extra charges are silent on the issue. Only deep down in the terms and conditions is it mentioned that customers must arrange their own delivery from is an early casualty of a change in legislation which has made it a criminal to sell replicas of design icons without a pricey The amendment to the Designs and Patents which came in to force in retrospectively extends the design rights to unregistered classic works created after 1957 from 25 years after their launch to 70 years after the death. This sounds the death knell for affordable replicas of bestsellers such as the floor lamp and Egg chair and threatens to put scores of companies that supply them out of further proposed rule change will slap copyright on iconic designs which never qualified for copyright protection in the first making it a criminal to incorporate any element of them into a new work. This means that anyone without a from the copyright holder who is selling for the chair bought by could face a fine and up to 10 years in prison. Householders who want to get the look will now have to fork out thousands rather than hundreds for a piece of and magazines will be if they show photos of items protected by the copyright without buying a which sells copies of classic designs for up to seven times less than the full says it was forced to decamp to where the design right still applies. It can legally sell replicas to customers so long as it deliver the there. shippers who deliver them under a separate contract are not breaking the and says it will deduct the extra cost from the bills of affected customers. Twitter ordered a chair before the design laws and now has to arrange delivery from Rob unfortunate that due to the law change and the influx of orders some customers were and that moving systems to affected our ability to communicate with them a spokesperson says. thought have until the end of the year to existing unfortunately the government deadline was brought forward at the experience illustrates the shambles into which the new laws have plunged the design industry. Legislation to design right laws was rushed out with a speed that experts say could cripple the replica and decorative arts market. Almost companies that had been trading legitimately for decades found that they would be committing a criminal if they continued to sell their stock. consumers will have to wait up to 40 years for bestselling designs to emerge from the new copyright. We know which orders to stop since there is no list of which designs qualify for furniture was the lobbying might of the Swiss design giant that forced the law change. It campaigned for copyright laws to be aligned with the 1998 design directive which sought to give furniture the same protection as music and photography across the In the unregistered industrially produced furniture was protected by a design right of only 25 years after its first year of and the parliament had agreed it could preserve this rule when it issued the directive. But which holds distribution rights for original Miller including the lounge claimed this had spawned a cheap replica market in the which cost it a year in lost 2015 the Intellectual Property Office said the law would come into force in 2020 to give companies time to get rid of compromised stock and invest in new designs. It would be applied retrospectively so that furniture with design rights would receive a new copyright lasting 70 years after the death. along with three other big had wanted the law change within six so threatened legal action and in 2015 the announced that replica sales of works of would become illegal in 2016. But it is the proposal to close a loophole that exempts designs that never qualified for copyright from the new rules that threatens to destroy since most of the 15 best selling creations predate that watershed. Some have already gone bust after investing in new stock and designs following the promised transition predicament is compounded by the fact that no one can define which works are deemed to have The Law Society has asked in vain for the government admits it know. Instead it declares that the courts must decide on a case by case had a deluge of orders before the law and we know which ones to stop since there is no list of which designs qualify for says of Iconic Designs. He has written six times to and its fellow lobbyists asking which designs cannot be but has heard nothing. used to bring in four containers of lounge chairs a now its a trickle because we know if and when they will be experts are appalled by the rushed legislation. Professor director of the for Intellectual Property and Information says it was not required by and his concerns were ignored by politicians. odd thing about the artistic works that the government is now going to protect by is that no copyright ever subsisted in these works under he says. latest consultation proposes to bring these works into copyright without any transitional which will simply make illegal the sale of copies that have been lawfully made or imported before the change in the law. It is completely says the legislation was necessary to protect even though the creators of most of the bestselling works are long dead. Twitter An Egg chair created by Danish designer hails the new law as a victory for the design industry. welcome the decision of the government which mandates that artistic designs will soon fall under the same copyright protection in the as they do in other says a spokesperson who declines to answer which of the works it distributes qualify as far from benefiting the amendment will in fact hobble according to from the Expired Copyright a campaign group set up to oppose the changes. designer setting out to create a new product is faced with the minefield of ensuring that it does not incorporate any element from an earlier design that could be deemed to have an artistic quality to he the casualties is the ordinary consumer who afford to pay thousands for classic while those living outside the can legally buy and sell cheap replicas once the design right has expired. For companies like can get round the rules by relocating to Not for has set its sights on forcing the Republic to its rules with the design those most troubled by the new laws might have been the and Ray who thought that great design should be available to the masses. Now those masses will have to pay around for that leather You have 14 days to cancel an mail or telephone order under the consumer contract provided had no contact with the trader. If shown an item then go home and confirm the order over the phone you lose the right to If an item is you have a period and can only get a refund if faulty or not as When you place an order the retailer must send you written confirmation along with terms and details of the period and how you can cancel. It should also advise of any charges for returning the If a company asks for extra payment due to relocation after an order is it may be in breach of contract and you should be entitled to If the furniture fit in your that is your problem and the retailer has no obligation to refund you unless the the dimensions were wrongly ensure that you measure the hall and doorways etc before ordering to make sure the item can actually be delivered into your If you legitimately bought a replica of a classic design you can still legally own it and sell it on to a private individual or company. if bought by a dealer they are committing an under the new This article was amended on 21 2016. The headline was changed to reflect the fact that although the law change brings the into line with a it was not enforced by the on on via on on on on on this content

An backed by global retailers including Target and is giving passing grades to factories that have yet to implement safety changes the retailers pledged to put in place following a deadly building collapse in 2013 that killed 1,137 according to a new report published Guardian has been given an exclusive preview of the first independent systematic survey of the garment factories used by the Alliance consortium of retailers set up after the deadly Plaza factory collapse that triggered a global consumer backlash against major retailers. Plaza workplace dangers persist three years reports find Read and a half years after the building the authors conclude that the factories that provide clothes to some of the biggest names in retail have so far failed to implement key renovations by their own mandated deadlines and still lack viable fire do not have a properly functioning fire alarm have uncorrected structural report concludes that in some once firm deadlines for repairs and improvements set for 2014 and 2015 were scrapped to be replaced with a 2018 deadline that coincides with the end of the Alliance Alliance disputed the saying it relied on inaccurate and outdated information. country director for the Alliance for Worker said he was that the factories would meet standards by when the agreement safety hazards fatal collapse of the Plaza factory in in 2013 is considered the worst garment factory disaster. The disaster highlighted the hazardous working conditions in garment industry and prompted promises of change from retailers including and the wake of the retailers formed two groups to address safety issues in The Accord on Fire and Building Safety in is led by and backed by Marks and others. The signatories agreed to a legally binding agreement in accordance with local and international unions and to publish detailed public reporting of its declined to sign on to the Accord and founded the Alliance for Worker a voluntary organization whose members include Bay whose brands include Fifth Avenue and Lord and whose brands include North Vans and Wrangler. The Alliance has not publish detailed reports of its new titled Dangerous Delays on Worker was compiled by the International Rights the Worker Rights the Clean Clothes Campaign and the Solidarity Network. It identified 175 factories which supply both Accord and in factories with compromised fire exits detailed progress accounts from factories that also produce garments for Alliance the authors compiled a progress report looking at status reports for more than 2,000 required safety renovations across 350 spreadsheets of data. The report found of the 107 factories as being by the 99 were still falling behind in one or more safety Alliance has never offered any justification for the decision to ignore its own safety deadlines. Nor has the Alliance explained why it is responsible to allow factories four years to carry out renovations that should have been completed in less than while still labeling those factories as the authors of the report a letter to the explained the decision to change its deadlines for renovations. respect to the metrics for categorizing a we have adjusted our measurements to reflect the core question of whether a given factory will be substantially safe when the Alliance sunsets in he safety hazards in alliance questioned the methodology. He told the Guardian he regularly met with Accord partners never has anything like this been raised about us falling behind on remediation said the two now split the assessment of factories when both parties used the same facilities and while he conceded Accord members received regular he said he was by the assertion that sending emails once a month is more reliable than having trained engineers inspect factories and reporting their trust my engineers. They are not lying to me and I am not lying when I put things down on he in the Alliance are doing something that has never been done before. We are taking an existing industry that is seriously flawed and trying to correct it from he said. assertion that we could get all this done in one year is frankly ludicrous to anyone who has an engineering or safety background and understands the past state or the current state of the executive director of Rights defended the methodology. He said Accord staff were well aware of any changes in status and regularly in contact with factory managers before they updated their reports. would be their incentive not to report he Plaza disaster one year on in pictures Read report argues the lack of progress placing the lives of thousands of workers in The authors calculate some 120,000 garment workers employed in the 62 factories that produce items for do not have fully viable fire exit systems. Another 55,000 people are employed in factories making clothes for Gap that had compromised fire the report issues persist even though of the factories in the sample were inspected well over two years the authors the group has also been critical of Accord the group had moved to address issues more quickly than the Alliance group and credited their greater transparency for the a significant move to improve said that from all information from each of the visits would be published on the Fair Factories Clearinghouse the same system that the Accord uses. Nova said two main factors were contributing to the lack of retailers were not putting enough pressure on factory owners to make and they were not contributing enough money to help the factory owners make the repairs. The average cost of implementing the promised safety renovations is between and motivated and Target to do the right thing is public embarrassment. We are three and a half years on and they assume memories are said data if overstates progress. not saying that nothing has been done just that this work should have been done a long time ago and you still have issues that could lead to he on on via on on on on on this content

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I became a business analyst how a business works to identify any changes that need to be after leaving university and am now in my late an area always interested in because it combines analytical thinking crucially for interaction with the workers who can both suggest changes and who have to carry them out. It is practical and started out in staff jobs but found there were more opportunities on projects with different companies move from firm to the work with the formulate an outcome and move on. by five years ago I became a worker in the banking sector. It is well paid and I could afford a few weeks off between contracts relatively until the next job I wanted came along. I used this time to do a distance learning degree in international which has added to my this for the first I am seriously considering a change of career. In I feel I have no choice. I finished my last contract in spring 2016 and since then ... the contract market overall seems dead with less vacancies in plus thousands of contractors and perms out looking. As a business there are fewer vacancies because companies and the government starting new projects guess this is the hangover from the decision. my department and role have moved into a combined IT which seems an industry trend. This is not a great fit for me as I have an IT background and the methods of working leave me feeling I am in the wrong which I did not feel before. always been people and under the new way of working interaction is limited. We are expected to write software specifications and test systems. This is not something I have done before and not the direction I want my career to go have to face the fact the old model is largely outmoded and most job adverts are for hybrid business and systems analyst types. Where you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply on on via on on on on on this content

A few years Yahoo chief executive Mayer hit the headlines concerning a confidential memo sent to employees. The message seemed to go against everything we know about how a economy operates. From now everyone must be present and accounted for at the office. Working from home is memo was carefully worded in the language of collegiality and staff development. But employees understood its real if we see we trust surprising that Yahoo staff were annoyed. known for years that employees are much more productive if able to harness the freedoms that mobile technology can afford. Being chained to an office can be in many occupations. Employees feel hard done by and fight back. As and rather we see the spread of business commentators believed that Yahoo was an exception in this swimming against the tide of management wisdom in this rich information other stories started to emerge that seemed to indicate a sea change. Investigative reporters at the New Times in 2015 revealed the shocking techniques used by Amazon to manage its office workers. You thought its warehouse workers were harassed. Wait until you join Absolutely everything is even the time it takes to answer an email. Fear and intimidation soon became rife in the transforming annual performance review into a daily as one stressed employee was still to come. Employees at the Telegraph recently discovered heat and motion sensors that tracked whether they were at their desks. There was no warning. Employees simply found the devices on morning. They eventually had to the brand name to identify what they were. A memo was issued at lunchtime by senior management stating that the new policy was make sure we are making best use of our space in the of this sits very well with the official narrative. hierarchies are meant to be dead and buried. Authoritarian have no place in industries that need workers to use their share be creative and excel at Flat company structures and autonomy are the future. Back in the business guru Tom Peters even heralded the end of to do if you have a difficult boss Read what Why does it feel like there are more bosses now than ever telling us what to often adopting a needlessly authoritarian answer the question we need to remember where the idea of management comes from. managers help things big need administrators. But the modern manager was actually invented in the early US steel industry and with a specific rationale. One of the first management deplored how much control average employees had over their jobs. He trust and if there was a dispute always have the upper hand. So something had to recommended that all knowledge about a job be transferred to a new breed of managers who watch staff like often with a stopwatch in their hand. He drove the point home to the extent that workers began to complain that it was hindering their not helping them. management was actually getting in the was more than 100 years ago when employers were perhaps less enlightened. So what about Why are we seeing the same reappear in many including the IT universities and There are a number of forces in often told that workers are happier if hired on a flexible be it as contractors or This may suit some but research shows that poorer pay and conditions often increase discontent and feel hard done by and fight back. As and rather we see the spread of bosses precisely in those industries we would expect to see fewer. hired to keep a lid on the seething dissatisfaction caused by and second driver is inequality. The greater the division between those at the top and the bottom of any then the more monitoring and supervision see. because rising perceptions of injustice make conflict and more the societal for no coincidence that the increasing wealth gap has seen more surveillance and policing. The same principle applies to work Just look at the figures. In 1998 the average pay was 47 times greater than the average worker. In 2013 the ratio was In the real pay increased by between 1978 and 2014. Workers only got over the same period. Under these tend to become increasingly even if such measures interfere with people doing their jobs third reason for all these managers is the huge importance placed today on metrics. Shareholders demand them. Senior bureaucrats swear by them. pulling their weight and who The only problem is that marginal product what you add to an profit margin as an individual is notoriously difficult to measure. Productivity usually comes from a collective effort. And how on earth do you quantify the more emotional and social dimension of many jobs the face of such employers either go over the top with every big data tool such as or simply give up and resort to like Yahoo. research has discovered a sort of sociological law when it comes to hierarchies and bosses. They can easily take on a life of their own and automatically proliferate. Companies end up needing more supervisors to check on the supervisors. This is how become inundated with and sooner or later all these managers need to justify their normally by creating extra work somewhere else in the why managers should show a softer side Read problem is not really with managers per usually under the lash as much as anyone else. the steep and hierarchies that have mushroomed all over society in the last 15 especially in the employment sector. That gap between a technocratic elite at the top and everyone else has never seemed so vast. This fosters distrust. Dissent. And inevitably of the knowledge society once promised we could have our cake extreme form of and eat it too It turned out to be a ruse. Now workers have the worst of both worlds. definitely on their own in terms of economic insecurity. But not left alone. Far from there a Yes. radically reduce the gulf between rulers and ruled. Managers and managed. In other democracy in the for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career at on on via on on on on on this content

Imagine being at Live on the night Trump was elected president of the United States. just been on the panel with your mates and crowing about how you saw victory and how the media elite that those bits of the media that perpetually employ you to rail against the because of their faith in silly things like you were very right. even. With the same bold instinct for ignoring the data that led your candidate to reject climate change as a been predicting for months that Trump would win. You felt this vindicated since that brief period in between Tony winning office and his poll numbers heading dramatically been mates of Trump share his finest hour Read in the day you held a party for and it turned out to be a victory party. In states like and the working class on whose behalf perpetually willing to speak fought back against the party that claimed to represent that made it a day for for revenge against all the in places like with the obvious exception of The where the only permissible coffee is instant and not International which sounds like something made by the of and her elite the world will now be run by a billionaire who lives in a golden skyscraper. Instead of a corrupt president who used to charge rich people millions for delivering the US will be governed by a man who charged poor people thousands for bogus university courses and who has also charged rich people millions for delivering speeches. Instead of the first black president being replaced by the first got the 44th white guy. And you called means that political correctness is dead. The days of white guys having to put up with at least one woman or person of or a woman of on a panel alongside them are finished. The braying of those who attacks on that of the Year who lost her son will be silenced at Trump has proved that saying outrageous things make you a it makes you a winner. It means that in touch with the or at least those of them who live in electorally useful states. Surely have lost that election if it had been held in Maybe he should run media elite has tried to silence no question. Dean been invited onto since What you need is a show of your to give people like but specifically a permanent voice. Instead of being subjected to the tyranny of the elite bookers of PM The Bolt Co and The some of which even invite you on every single you need a show of your elite be welcome on that for sure. just be you and your ordinary with ordinary backgrounds like the federal government and Review and Spectator. only question is what to call the show. those sneering at the have where prominent media commentators mouth off about politics. Your show will be the because on other prominent media commentators will mouth off about politics. you and your mates are so systematically excluded from the media elite in this country that it takes you precisely one email to get your show up. could be close to a record for the fastest conception of a network news will tell the Oz has a required two conversations and one email and it took less than 24 how outsiders get it will go on to confirm his own exclusion from the establishment by boasting that be able to contact White House without needing to go through like the PM did. And your show will be exactly as balanced as cabinet thus far. no gender balance. all white. We believe in things like gender will say. And he certainly knows a bit about being politicians barracking for That's disturbing Read the Trump era and that means time to hear from the people whose voices are never heard unless you switch on a chat listen to talk or open a newspaper. Under it had gotten to the point where a white bloke even open his mouth anymore without someone who a white bloke disagreeing with him. Even Sky News now has a show called fronted by two white is why we need Outsiders. To tell it like it through the only perspective that that of a white media insider angry that a few lefties occasionally have the temerity to disagree with him. On nobody will be forced to hear a speech from the cast of Ever. You all agree that presidency will go brilliantly. Because what Outsiders will be agreement. Furious agreement. And in the Trump fury is all that ultimately on on via on on on on on this content

and two of the leading electronics are facing allegations that workers in their supply chains are being exploited and underpaid in two companies have launched investigations into allegations of abuse made by workers after a Guardian investigation raised multiple concerns about their men said they had been deceived about had their passports confiscated and had been told that they must pay large fines if they wanted to return to before the end of their contract. They also claimed they were forced to work for up to 14 hours on their feet without adequate and with restricted toilet in an attempt to settle recruitment fees of up to they said they had to pay this money to secure their workers speak of their only knows how to Read said they felt and trapped in their factory jobs making or assembling components for household electrical goods sold on the global market. heart is said one young man who works in a factory making microwaves. was not given the job I was promised. I am doing very difficult work. I got the salary they said I would Guardian spoke to 30 migrants making products for and Some of those working for are employed directly by the but the majority are hired through a supply company. The workers assembling or making parts for are employed by subcontracting companies. Both and forbid their suppliers from confiscating passports or charging migrant workers recruitment fees. Yet all the men interviewed by the Guardian claimed they paid up to to recruitment agents in to secure their jobs in They all also claimed that their passports were confiscated on arrival in the illegal under employment said this restricts their freedom of movement and leaves them open to detention by the authorities. Without their the workers said they freely leave their jobs and return home without paying fines equivalent to three or four basic and have said they are opening investigations into the conduct of their suppliers following the use of supply companies and subcontractors is common practice for foreign firms making goods for export in but is a system ripe for according to rights groups in the country. Workers making products said they were threatened by supervisors at their supply company when they said they were unhappy with their work and wanted to return home. told you or leave without bury you in said one for the supply company used by also claimed they were deceived about the nature and conditions of their work. They said they had been forced to pay illegal fees by recruitment agents used by their supply company hours before they departed for their new jobs. Some said the salary they were promised in was higher than the pay they were now receiving in have come here if I had known the real conditions and salary. I was said one man. supply company in are using the name of to cheat said another worker. have been but we want others to be Other workers said they paid between 90,000-115,000 rupees to a recruitment agency in used by despite a 2015 cap on recruitment fees set at 10,000 rupees by the government in paid 115,000 but the agent only gave me a receipt for 10,000 rupees. He told me that if I was stopped at the airport I should say that that is all I said one man working at microwave plant. knew the agent was cheating but what could I spokesperson from a committed member of the Electronics Industry Citizenship Coalition we comply fully with the Code of Conduct and have found no evidence of violations in the hiring process of migrant workers hired directly by our manufacturing facility in Once there is any we take swift actions to are currently conducting investigations of supply companies we work with in and the migrant employees hired by these companies. If any violations are we will make immediate corrective actions and moving forward we will suspend our business with companies that are found to be in forced casts dark shadow over electronics industry Read a factory in the exhausted workers making parts for spoke of having to work week after week of shifts to try to repay the money they gave to recruitment agents in Some said they were still far off paying their debts 15 months after arriving in Others claimed they had been told by their companies they must pay the equivalent of three wages if they left before the end of their I could find a way to go leave right now but I am trapped by my said one who makes parts for of workers here would do the assembling products in the southern city of said that they sometimes only received 700 a month half of what they were promised after production slowed due to a lack of know our earnings are below minimum but what can we do about said one of the workers. feel terrible because we have a big loan to pay back. You have to work for three years just to pay it beyond the assembly line is difficult too. In accommodation visited by the workers were living in a grim hostel in an industrial area in with 14 men crammed into one room. They all shared one broken toilet and two shower which opened directly on to a cooking area with a single gas an emailed will conduct a full investigation into the claims made by the Guardian. We are taking these allegations very seriously and in we discover that one of our suppliers has violated such laws or we will ensure and require them to take necessary corrective action expect all of our suppliers to strictly comply with our Social policy and declaration. These expectations are outlined in contracted terms and conditions with each supplier. We do not tolerate breaches of these workers interviewed by the Guardian also complained about conditions inside the work is extremely said one worker at a electronics plant making microwave ovens. get only 45 minutes in a shift to and seven minutes every two hours to drink workers making parts and assembling products for said that they stood all day without decent breaks. One worker claimed they were only allowed to stop work to go to the toilet twice in a electronics sector in which accounts for nearly of the export has faced international scrutiny for its treatment of migrant workers. In 2014 a report by supply chain watchdog found that nearly one third of workers in electronics sector are in forced and called for wide reforms of the policies of foreign companies operating working in have to that the standard operating procedure for contractors is debt bondage and this has said deputy director of Human Rights Watch in someone from and putting them in a factory in costs and if these costs are not being factored into the price of a or a microwave or a then they are complicit in a system that expects the workers to suffer as a and exploitation in and on on via on on on on on this content

Guardian Cities media 10 10 yang yang yang sering yang pun yang Guardian Cities Twitter at media email email yang on on via on on on on on this content

Guardian Cities is in for a week of reporting and live events. From 21 to 25 be discussing all aspects of life in this megalopolis from rush hour to and malls to with much more be running a special live through the day to local to Stay tuned for live reporting from from around the riversides and hidden corners culminating in an event at the where we will be asking some of the leading comedians and urban planners what really like for the people of the we aim to take an look at the stories that tend to go even in the city and to listen to people who are not usually heard. So whether you live in or further we hope get involved and share your perspectives with us keep up with our latest galleries and live check the Guardian Cities homepage every day from 21 to 25 us and join in the discussions on Twitter and and by using the Find us on at you live in sign up to our updates for the week by adding as a contact and messaging the word If you would like to know more about contributing via social read email is you can message us directly on with the subject line you have experiences or photos of to we would love to hear from you you can participate through any of the means or contribute to our on on via on on on on on this content

Victor flew to in May and spent the next three months soaking up the sunshine. The striker had just been released by West after what can politely be put as an season under Tony and Premier League clubs were not exactly queuing up for his of his own the powerfully built former forward hired a personal trainer in working out three times a day with the celebrity fitness guru train at Muscle he said. football between sessions he watched with interest as his former manager at succeeded at and then struggled to sign a striker to complement understudy When one did not picked up the phone and in was installed on scores two as haul Hull City into trouble Read forward a couple of months and he has confounded his critics by scoring three goals in two the latter pair at home against Hull City on in a 3-0 victory that finally lifted off the bottom of the Premier League and simultaneously pushed Mike side back into deep was like a young said. was The admiration is mutual. knows got this love for said. had a lot of bigger money offers from abroad but I always wanted to come back and play for this was about his physical emailed him videos of those workouts. Yet having convinced the to offer him another initial progress was slow. felt great but it match says a man who struggled so hard to score in one early training session that everyone coaching and medical staff broke into relieved applause when he finally managed to hit the back of the who has scored in successive league games for the first time since has never been prolific but he proved integral to first win of the season at two weeks ago and his importance against a Hull at found him action recommenced following a dusky hiatus caused by a power cut and the need to connect the floodlights to a truly stepped out of the shadows. His first goal came when he dodged Josh and beat at the near the second from a pass when his first touch took him away from a defender before he lashed home a thunderous bravery in pairing who opened the scoring with his 150th Premier League goal and in a flexible 4-4-2 formation threatens to the best always wanted to play with and I also wanted to taste what like to play in the said a forward with scope to drift deeper and left when heard how passionate the fans are and that sort of support really drives you on. At times against Hull we were dead on our feet but the crowd pushed us on. it really helps. And this club has great no comparison with West the facilities here are different he seems rather indifferent towards life at The Hawthorns. being played much but I bothered because it gave me time to concentrate on my body. On getting stronger. I tried to turn a bad time into a good time and I always remembered the belief has in on on via on on on on on this content

And that is the last piece of action. injury time ensures the 165th derby ends 2-2. were second best for long spells but led twice and were denied a victory that would have sent them second on their own. Instead they are tired with while Inter climb to ninth thanks to this point. What a game. Thanks for reading. 90 min Immediately from the restart attack and drives wide. 90 min Oh done it. The corner is flicked on by towards at the and he bundles home from a couple of yards. 90 min have everybody back and are clinging on. finds with a cross from the right but Abate is on hand to deflect the header out for a corner. is on his way up 90 There will be a minimum of three minutes added time. 89 Another minute passes by without any bother for 88 Inter are dominant but are shutting the game down well. Their final sub sees on loan from trot on for 86 hits a hopeless through ball forward that ends up rolling out for a ruining the momentum built up by Inter. 85 Inter are turning up the are sitting deep. Will there be a 84 Big chance for He runs towards the front stick and meets a cross from the left. saves. 82 The game is becoming quite fragmented there are lots of cynical fouls and the whistle is permanently attached to his mouth. 79 second replaces 78 first act is to be booked for putting an arm across as the midfielder broke. That was silly is quick and has fresh legs. 76 has a deflected shot heading out for a corner until riskily makes his way out to save. The ball spills from underneath him but he keeps hold of it with a second attempt. 75 second sub sees enter in place of 74 rolls the ball to He blasts about over the bar. but they have killed a fair chunk of time. 72 dribbles in from the left and is dragged down by who is already on a about 30 yards from goal. That will waste another minute. 71 delivery from the corner meets but he cannot find the target. The ball drifts wide to the left of net. The keeper is then given a warning for taking his time over the 70 wins a corner off make their first replaces 69 misses another glorious chance. He escapes with ease but snatches at through ball and makes an easy stop. 67 goes close again. far more difficult than the three first half chances he missed but this is the closest of all. finds him with a the controls and turns. From a tight angle his shot looks to have beaten but it flashes across goal and narrowly wide. 66 Inter now look a tad frustrated and you get the sense could punish them again on the break. has replaced which is a clever decision. 64 fouls again and the Inter players are quick to rush over and ask for a second yellow. The referee ignores their though. This must be the Inter final chance. 63 sends in a cross from the left that is too deep and have a 61 finds again. He tries to be a tad too clever this time and is dispossessed by 60 is now clumsily fouled by who has already been booked. a and if the Inter defender commits another like that he will be off. 58 And are back in front once Wow. skips past an embarrassingly bad challenge from after good build up from and before sliding a tidy finish low to right. 57 feeds down the right. He throws a good dummy to get past but his shot is tame and saves. 56 This game had started tentatively and if you had not watched a derby you would have been right to ponder what the fuss was about but the start of this second half has been wonderful. 53 What a hit from the man that accused of kicking him out of A simple throw in on the left is worked to in a central position with arguing that the decision should have gone their way. In any case he takes a touch before unleashing an unstoppable effort into the top right corner. gets a touch but no keeper in the world would be able to keep out such a thumping strike. This is suddenly looking like a great game. 52 tries his this time on his left after cutting in again from the right. It fizzes well wide. 51 unleashes a drive from 25 yards. parries it but has time to smother at the second time of asking. The game is opening up quite a bit now. 49 is booked for fouling who then takes the From it concedes a corner and does what did moment earlier to claim. 47 Inter win a corner. is confidently picked from the air by who then releases the ball immediately to The is unable to control. 46 Inter get the game going again. Can they convert their dominance of possession into an An email from An email from in has been in top form lead at the break thanks to excellent goal. Inter will feel hard done by. 43 But seconds later has scored having been set up by At the opposite end had shot straight at who set on the counter rapidly. danced forward centrally before finding to his right. The midfielder cut in past and curled past with a magnificent finish. They have been dreadful for most of this game but

And our match defeats to end year as world Read more the year end lifts the trophy above his head. He finishes the year as the best player in the too good even for the wondrous I suspect be meet again in the final of the Open in For both off for a well earned rest. all from me. Thanks for your emails over the past week. World number one. Tom for the Guardian Sorry for the slight delay in the last the inside the Arena decided to cut out just as hit his final return long. Serving for the is greeted by a huge roar of encouragement as he walks to the baseline. You sense that finished though. rarely been his style to leave without a fight. But 15-0 when sends a shabby backhand long. An ace down the middle from makes it 30-0. The cheers become that bit more urgent. nets a backhand to make it before netting a forehand to make it never is Thoughts drift back to the final in 2013. But earns his first championship a volley forcing to dab a strange lob well past the baseline. The roar is deafening. What would give for a first serve here. Before they can get down to the umpire has to tell everyone to turn the lights off their phones. Eventually swings an ace down the middle. But a let. So they go again. cracks a forehand into the right corner and charges forward to stay alive with a smash. Another monstrous serve from earns him a second championship though. he nets a first serve. His first serve is weak. dominates a short rally and wins it with a wonderful but then he drags a forehand wide. has a third championship point. sends a first serve long. The tension is unbearable. The second serve is there to be so hits it. Unfortunately for brilliantly for his forehand flies wide and has won the World Tour Finals for the first time in his career and finishes the year as the world wins. Tom for the Guardian Second 4-5 is serving to stay in the final. completely a forehand to make it then nets a backhand return to make it 30-0. misses a backhand to make it but a backhand clips the top of the net and lands on his side. 40-15. lashes a forehand away to hold. will serve for the title. been going for 92 minutes. What must be going through returns with a backhand. Tom for the Guardian Second 3-5 will be desperate not to lose momentum completely here. know better how difficult it is to stop if he gives him any encouragement and not looking too clever when he sends a forehand at the end of a punishing rally. leads 0-15. manages to move into a 30-15 serving well. Then pushes a backhand inches much to the relief of a wheezing having to work so hard here. 40-15. thinks won the game with an ace. challenges. strides off towards his convinced it was in. It was miles out. That was curious from who nonetheless manages to hold when knocks a backhand long. will serve to stay in the final. Second 3-4 suddenly looks like a different charging into a 30-0 lead. probably suspected this might happen. Soon leads 40-0 as whistles a forehand long despite reaching a smash. The holds to winning the drop shot war with who is likely to come under intense pressure now. Second 2-4 you think that both of these players really just want to get back to the dressing room to watch Planet Earth getting through the match in an uncharacteristically quick time so wonders Wall. Not so pulls a forehand wide to make it challenging unsuccessfully. He makes up for it with a beauty down the though. The game goes to when double faults. Then a deep return from earns him his first break point of the which feels faintly absurd given who he is. This over yet. sends a forehand long and ever the has one break back. The clenches his fist. Second 1-4 These are choppy waters for as he nets a forehand for before dumping one long to make it 0-30. approaches the net. comes up with a stupendous backhand pass from left to right to earn three break points. good tennis. is in serious trouble now. He saves the first point. But not the second. A backhand goes long and . Second 1-3 Having stopped the is likely to attack with renewed intent here and he leads 0-15 when arrows a backhand wide. when nets a and 30-15 after a swinging serve out wide from somehow crashes a forehand volley into the to the amazement of everyone even who can hardly believe his luck. the boost needs to hold to 15 with an ace out wide. What a miss that was from The journalist sitting next to me is beside himself. Second 1-2 challenges when a forehand is called but come to his aid. leads 0-15. makes up for it with a precise backhand winner for and quickly moves into a 30-15 lead. He surely has to hold here. He netting a forehand at 40-15. This one is far from over. serves. Tom for the Guardian Second 0-2 A few fans are waving flags in the crowd. really needs their support now. He trails by a set and a break and the majority of the crowd is with got the bit between his teeth. But can he keep this Can he consolidate that precious Moving into a 40-0 lead with barely any trouble suggests that he can. And he holds to 15 thanks to a granite serve. Second 0-1 Looking a little lifts a backhand wide to make it 15-30. receives cries of encouragement from the crowd and then he earns two break overpowering the advancing with a drilled backhand. This is a potentially huge moment. take the missing a backhand return off a deep first serve. saves the second with a stunning serve out wide to force deuce. finds a fine angle with a forehand to earn a third wasting a challenge on a ball that clipped the line. A deep slice from draws a forehand error from though. quite sort out his feet in time. gives up a fourth opportunity with an errant though. He miss it by but it was by and breaks when nets a Serving for the unlucky to lose the first getting away with a net cord at the net. and all that matters. is immediately under pressure. looks bewildered after knocking a forehand wide for though. Then comes one of those endless baseline rallies these two in. It has to end at some of and this one does with lifting a slice wide for 30-15. tries to stay but his level has dipped and he sends another backhand wide to hand two set points. If it had been getting there. But here we are. has two set points. He only needs one. nets a tame forehand and leads this takes the first set. Tom for the Guardian First 3-5 look like in the mood for any funny business at the start of this remembering how to smash and making it 15-0. A tight backhand into the net makes it another one that drifts past the baseline makes it chops a backhand slice and uses up a challenge for no good reason. But the game goes to deuce as splatters a forehand long. not always looked entirely steady out but probably just putting on an act. Then a dismal backhand into the net that hands a break point suggests otherwise. You sense really needs to take this chance. He has to be clinical. He is clinical. They trade cautious slices for a but who ups the ante with a vicious forehand into the left corner that can only slice into the net. breaks and serve for the first set. First 3-4 Wary of the dangers of allowing his focus to begins this game slapping a forehand into the right corner for a 15-0 then serving firmly to lead 30-0. Another cracking serve makes it 40-0. holds to picking off at the net with a glorious backhand down the line. This is turning into a very good match. First 3-3 sends a heavy forehand long to lose the first point of this but then he clumps one down the line to win one against the serve for the first time. The game goes to edging another baseline rally. The volume in the arena rises and earns the first break point of the forcing to net an insipid forehand. convert though. is rock solid on the baseline and blinks netting a forehand. earns another a low slice drawing another error from who nets a forehand. nets a though. deuce for a which is partly down to absolutely butchering a gimme of a smash. Something falls on to the possibly from his racket. difficult to make out what it was. Whatever. raises his level to hold. Do not be surprised if he breaks in the next game. First 2-3 engages in a baseline rally with never the wisest of but wins it with a cannily disguised forehand for 15-0. responds with a rasping backhand down the and gobbles up a smash at the net for moves into a 40-15 lead after two weak and holds to 30 thanks to a serve out wide. returns with a backhand. Tom for the Guardian First 2-2 Looking bright and clips a forehand into the left corner and skips forward to volley before serving well to make it 30-0. decides to attack a second serve but puts too much behind a rasping the game going to 40-0. holds to love with a confident smash. needs to return better. First 1-2 make many first serves in his first service game and he win this match if that trend continues. He makes a decent start forcing to block a backhand return long for 15-0. Another solid serve makes it 30-0 and he hits a backhand well to make it 40-0. But pulls it back to lobbing then makes it 40-30 when a backhand that was heading wide hits the top of the net and lands in. holds to though. watched the Guardian's highlights reel. Good on for winning even though they didn't let him 2016 First 1-1 a delay before the start of this the umpire telling an idiot in the crowd to switch off the light on their phone. Why do these people bother buying a It happens in every match. though. An ace takes him to 30-0 and he races through the next two points to hold to love. Fine serving from the world First 0-1 won the toss and the final begins him with serving. he starts with a double fault. A careful rally both men exuding tension. It ends with knocking a backhand long. Given that confidence pings an ace down the challenging to no avail. He follows that up with another double the game going to nerves getting the better of who steadies himself by moving to 40-30. holds to 30. all in black almost back to his early season All says John should go the distance with just having a tad more left in the tank than it the last words The 97 Lions heard as they left the dressing room for the 2nd Test well the same goes for these serves. Tom for the Guardian knocking up. By the I lied. There are a few empty seats here. Presumably be filled soon enough. And here comes the world greeted by a deafening roar. got his game face on. Just how will he have recovered from epic against arrives on court. is out first. He gets a hearty cheer from the crowd. got a big grin on his face. arrives on court. For the first time this it look like an empty seat in the house here. A fine atmosphere is brewing. This is their 18th meeting in a their fifth this year alone. was victorious in and sole victory came in in May. Overall leads 10-7 in this department. Can close the gap While we relive with these highlights. beats in epic Hello. Even when was beginning uncertainly against last even when was match point down against last you knew that it was going end like this. Could it be any other No tearing up the no changing the ending just to make it look less no final between and the two best players in the world meet in the final match of competing for the not insignificant of finishing the year as the world when embarrassed in the Open final in no one viewed them as equals. looked untouchable and he continued to assert his dominance over his old rival by beating him in the Open final at the start of writing his name into hall of fame by completing the career slam in the process. But the narrative has changed since then. Perhaps the strain of that remarkable achievement had more of an impact on than anyone could have imagined. All of a he was carrying aches and his mood was there was talk of problems away from the court and his tennis suffered. shocked him at He wept after losing to Martin in toppled him in New He lost to and for crying out loud. He sought solace in a spiritual guru. While showed few signs of flushing out the funk that had gripped his mind and prospered during a golden summer that featured glory at and before the took his game to new reaching staggering levels of consistency by rising to the top of the rankings for the first time in his the mood has changed since celebrated becoming by winning the Masters a fortnight ago. Take nothing away from but is looking ominous again. The world it still feels strange to call him that needed only 66 minutes to destroy last while earlier needed three hours and 38 minutes to see of in the first As brilliantly as has played in the last six he faces one hell of a challenge to hold on to that spot. Overcoming battle fatigue is one but there must be better ways to spend a evening than trying to survive an assault from a resurgent is their 35th meeting and leads 24-10 in their record. So tough to beat on an indoor the is bidding to win this title for the fifth consecutive year and he must be the after his performance against last have it any other After if there has been one thing missing from his recent it is a win over begins

Tom is being lined up to appear as an expert witness for the at the rehearing of the Best case this week. A former champion jump jockey in will offer his own interpretation of the rides given to two horses last it being alleged by ruling body that both horses were stopped on the matter was first heard in much of the focus was on the ability and credibility of the jockey who was well beaten on both Echo and Missile Man. Having been found by both sets of stewards to be in breach of the rules requiring sufficient John claimed that Best had told him to stop the two horses. Best denied that and accused John of lying in order to deflect blame from of this rehearing is expected to be given over to interpretation of the rides that John gave the two horses. There was no expert testimony at the first hearing but will now provide the disciplinary panel with the benefit of his own view on the shared the title with Frank Berry at the end of the 1985-86 when both rode 53 winners. He was attached to the yard at that time and won the 1982 Supreme Novice Hurdle for the trainer aboard Miller becoming the first jockey to ride into new of case against trainer Best delayed further Read based himself in England as first jockey to John for whom he won a Queen Mother Champion Chase on He was leading rider at the 1989 Festival but may be best remembered for a defeat that as he was second on the 25-1 shot Yahoo when Desert Orchid achieved a famous victory in the Gold Cup. then rode over to pat the winner in a moment subsequently described by the Guardian writer as most beautiful sporting gesture I have ever Authority declined to comment on the eve of the rehearing but it is believed the regulator will not field an expert witness of its own. John is expected to be the only prosecution as he was at the first and the will argue that his taken together with footage of both is enough to find Best in breach of the was banned for four years after the first hearing but the validity was challenged within when Best himself discovered that the chairman of the original the solicitor had been working privately for the for some years. An appeal panel subsequently quashed verdict on the grounds of an appearance of bias and also because the published reasons were found to be began a difficult summer for the integrity whose work has never previously attracted such scrutiny. Some of the heat went out of the subject when an independent review by the barrister made 24 recommendations for change that were immediately adopted by the including a revised power structure intended to ensure the disciplinary panel system is truly independent of the regulator in future. The exit of the integrity director who quit in should also allow the to move on from this for all that his departure was said to be unrelated to the rehearing is accompanied by escalating tension at the High where there is bitter resentment that the pursuit of what officials see as a legitimate case should have rebounded so badly on the ruling outcome matters enormously. If Best is found in officials will feel able to claim that a satisfactory destination has been even if there were bumps on the road. the case falls there will be questions about the judgment of senior officials who insisted on pursuing it despite the variety of ways in which their handling of it has been attacked as accuses of over Best case Read likely flash point this week is an email sent in from the to in which the authority outlined what it would seek in the way of punishment for John if his evidence were as his lawyer had predicted. The and solicitor both deny that this amounts to evidence of a deal being struck in exchange for the jockey giving representatives are unlikely to let the matter rest there and will point to the fact that the initially resisted disclosing the email to them at the first hearing. did not refer to the email in his an omission which was described as by the appeal who said it was of potential relevance on the issue of on on via on on on on on this content

Vital interrogation of the science behind freezing humans is being stifled because scientists fear being and according to a leading researcher in the said scientists risked damaging their careers and being excluded from scientific societies if they worked on the controversial science used last month to freeze the body of a cancer frozen girl's father says providers exploit the vulnerable Read is an enormous to the conversation about among said who works on the of large human organs and biopsies at the laboratory at the University of scientists who would like to discuss it it tends to significantly hurt their career in fact can potentially even get them kicked out of their scientific claim comes after the father of the teenage who was granted her dying wish to have her body accused those who provide the service of taking advantage of vulnerable high court upheld the wishes of the known only as who decided before her death from cancer that she wanted her body to be preserved in the hope that she could be brought back to life at a later time. Her estranged father initially opposed her wishes but changed his mind saying it was last and only thing she has asked from in an interview with the Mail on he said that after discussions with the Institute in where his body is he remained strongly believe they are selling false hope to those who are frightened of taking advantage of vulnerable he said. I asked if there was even a one in a million chance of my daughter being brought back to they could not say there argued that could not be dismissed solely as science and said it was likely that in five to 10 years experts would be able to revive a small mammal such as a mouse after it had been preserved in liquid is very risky to say that anything is impossible in science or technology in the 21st century people who use the word impossible are very he said. you are looking for the why would you put barriers also founded a start which enables customers to their biological material. Prof Anders a research fellow at the Future of Humanity Institute at Oxford said scientists reliant on grants and looking for tenures might exercise young scientists are afraid to hurt their he said. about the future can be very Being seen to be eccentric in the wrong way is frowned enthusiasts argue that the stigma surrounding the area could leave people vulnerable to unscrupulous companies ready to fill the void left by of the group which prepared the body for transportation to the freezing facility in said the all of whose staff are would welcome danger for us is that as the idea gets more companies wanting to make a profit could spring up and damage us by advantage of he judge who ruled on the case was critical of how the process had been carried voluntary is said to have been and resulting in pressure being placed on the hospital to allow procedures that had not been disputed saying body preparation and freezing had been done the law and required despite a which meant an ambulance used by the group was substituted by a said the page membership had increased by to around since phone has not stopped ringing and I have about 200 emails to he a professor of at College has called for a ban on the marketing of He said the idea of preserving a whole body was and a whole brain slightly less cosmologist and astrophysicist Martin said he did not believe research was being stifled. are serious people working on it and they are aware though embryos can be immensely unlikely that it would ever work for said even if it were a desirable development and I actually think it be most serious scientists would choose not to work on it because they think the problem is timely or those interested in the area who were hopeful that scientific developments could see the reanimation of humans who had been frozen would continue to work under the said added that such as space travel and organ transplantation had all suffered need to start making a big he said. will keep on working on organ no one will call us crazy and eventually we will end up with a solution for the whole and on on via on on on on on this content

It their first phone call. Last on Trump spoke to According to the the conversation was warm. congratulated the US on his sweeping victory. We exactly know how they addressed each but you imagine it might have been and leaders agreed that relations were as put it. Their two countries would now begin a new based on mutual respect and in the internal They would stay in touch and meet the said. Hours jets resumed their pounding of scene at some point in spring or summer 2017 difficult to picture. You can see the cavalcade of minivans sweeping into the courtyard and parking up beneath a cathedral with its glittering gold domes. The 45th president of the US will jump out and stride vigorously inside. Twitter is more of a leader of his country than is for US and his entourage will pass a painting showing archers slaughtering their enemies in medieval battle. he will enter an impressive palace its gilding as flamboyant and as Trump Tower in a man of surprisingly small stature will receive the new US president. Cue warm smiles and a handshake. makes a point of keeping everybody usually but you suspect that for Trump he will be bang on time. election victory is something has fervently wished but scarcely thought possible. On the day of the state media told ordinary that the election was victory around the world will delight in victory Read nature of this first meeting will shape international relations. It will either reassure or further spook a western security establishment already aghast at the way in which Trump has lavished praise on unpredictable easy to fathom what might want from Trump. The list of demands from is his geopolitical grievances go back a long way. His relations with and W Bush were torrid. the last happy moment was in when Bush said he had a sense of the wants the US to drop sanctions imposed in the wake of 2014 annexation of seized by undercover special forces. The mirrored by the were also punishment for covert invasion of eastern in part done by regular in part by US Treasury department is not an institution known for But those hit by sanctions and asset freezes have included billionaire targeted because of their closeness to a member of the as the Treasury dryly put it. widely believed in that their assets are running into the hundreds of billions of will want Trump to ownership of something no major state has done thus far. Annexing chunks of someone territory seems a throwback to a darker indeed this is the first time borders have been changed by force since 1945. Will Trump Nobody quite though it looks possible. would like a new version of the 1945 then there is will want the US to drop its demand that President leaves power. it will seek cooperation in an international war against meaning anyone who opposes the the matter of how the world is divided in the new era. The feels it is entitled to a sphere of influence. This encompasses the former republics of the Soviet and eastern and central ideologues talk of and code for being a dominant world force on equal terms with the would like a new version of the 1945 in which the Soviet Union and carved up you he would settle for a deal where Trump implicitly acknowledges that has in its former backyard. Trump has already questioned the role of he said that the US will not defend countries that fail to contribute to that the states are that foreign ministers met in emergency session following and that a new foreboding has descended among states bordering Their that of means subversion or attack or interference in elections in of candidates. Much of this is happening to press Trump and share a to foreign policy. Their views are said in New A senior admitted that the government already knows entourage they had been in contact during the election what does Trump want from The question is an intriguing one. The answer so unknown. As negotiator and seasoned Trump would surely demand something in return from The reality is that has relatively little to offer the other than an improvement in the currently embittered tone of bilateral relations. Twitter a pawn for concession might be prepared to make is on the and fugitive holed up in since 2013. stay of residence expires next summer. possible to imagine the with solemn that has violated his residency terms and is now being extradited to the this scenario fails to explain gushing public support for During the US election was the only international figure whom Trump repeatedly praised. He hailed him as a than And he incited to hack The administration believes the was behind the leak of Democratic National Committee emails. This act cause defeat but surely contributed to much of this year journalists have tried to discover what if has over Trump. How to explain the strange fealty to a former agent whose career has been predicated on hating The obvious place to start was with campaign manager until spring this year. previous client was the venal former president of who fled to in 2014 after an uprising. Twitter former Trump campaign manager has links with powerful oligarchs. Chip well as advising to his and generally touching up his public developed links with powerful oligarchs. They included and both of whom invested in business One of them involved New real estate. I tried to interview both without success. unclear how much cash underpins sprawling property exhaustive reporters have failed to answer what might be called the question. Writing in the Financial the historian wondered why it was that Trump had uttered a critical word about asked if had in the form of debts to sources that keep his business empire Lurid theories have circulated about what compromising information spy agencies may have on no one knows. For lurid theories have circulated about what compromising information spy agencies may have on Trump. The the successor agency to the once run by in gathering material that might be used for blackmail. The agency is adept at clandestine video surveillance and other covert last visit to was in 2013. The the Miss Universe beauty pageant. host was tycoon and property developer was due to meet Trump but at the last sending instead a decorative lacquered box and a friendly The event involved many beautiful women and an in a met when I worked for the Guardian in He showed me round his latest an exclusive housing built for the in rustic greater was a charming companion. We drove in his Land Rover. We went past mansions built in baronial his bodyguards followed behind us in a black It seems unlikely would have sought to embarrass Trump. Twitter Trump in at a Miss Universe in 2009. via Trump stayed in the hotel during that trip and occupied the suite that had previously been used by The US media reported that the may have videoed Trump inside the suite. There is no proof that any compromising video exists. But the would certainly have been interested in this kind of this after what it next visit to will be celebratory. will lay on a lavish state dinner. There will be toasts. All the signs suggest the two men will quickly develop what the call a relations similar to that enjoyed by with and sealed over a few lewd possibly with allusions to and based not on principles but on mutual does this leave the rest of Earlier this the director general of talked to the the first newspaper interview given by a serving chief in the history. message was stark. He warned of a growing covert threat from a state he bluntly described as to the is using its formidable powers to push its foreign policy abroad. tools include subversion and he said. there are more agents in the than during the cold war. is at work across and in the today. It is job to get in the way of Parker much of the ministers have talked fondly of special relationship with It look very special last week. Trump called May after first ringing the leaders of 10 other countries including and now appears to be facto much to Downing one area where the two countries have genuinely special ties is in intelligence gathering. The files revealed the extent to which the and its eavesdropping are connected. Liberals worry that Trump will use the surveillance powers to crack down on dissent at and to settle scores with his political foes in and the and others who work in the there will be a further troubling question. Just how closely are spy agencies likely to cooperate with their Might a Trump administration share including Her with the Could Trump officials tip off the about the own covert and divide worked for and it will work for Trump Read spooks are well aware of what the can do. In a public inquiry conducted by a retired Sir concluded that the had sent two assassins to murder the dissident Their radioactive tea. The man who that 2006 operation was said. Trump defended telling Fox knows who did 2016 has been an In the past candidates have won elections in and The has been weakened by including populists are on the march. now seen by many as the leader of the free is badly weakened. Who would bet against Marine recipient of a winning next presidential only problem involves storytelling. defining idea has long been Until many believed they were already fighting the in proxy battlegrounds such as and and with war just round the corner. Now Trump is the US will slip down the table of official having long occupied first place. Somewhere else will have to fill the there is a thaw between and the first in 15 years. The may continue for some time. equally possible that might pocket whatever concessions Trump is prepared to make. And then go back to what comes hating on on via on on on on on this content

For someone who made his career writing about and founding media is surprisingly downbeat about what they can the Trump election has shown that we are ascribing too much value to what media can he says a week after victory. has its it has to continue to do its even more important today. But the view that it will somehow change the world and change or give people the right just too much to not alone in doubting the extent of the established influence following an election result which almost no outlet predicted and very few supported. But in the many commentators have said at least some of the blame should be laid at the door of and its fake filter bubbles. shares their particularly about the world where people have no connection to in which many millions of US citizens appear to live. the fact of what they believe about is doing this or is doing this. just he says many of the complaints from those working in or newspapers stem from an unrealistic belief in their own think that while obviously this is a huge we are trying to get out of media way more than capable of he says. not like if the majority of the media goes or a big proportion of the media goes that suddenly people are going to miss has experience of the impermanence of media from his first which lasted not much more than a decade. He launched the site in taking what was then a relatively novel approach by applying lessons from one part of the such as the recording to other areas such as which were grappling with the disruptive powers of the was acquired in 2008 by Guardian Media Group for an undisclosed sum in the millions of pounds. It was run as a standalone business and stayed until 2010 before leaving to travel the world for two years. In early sold to another digital media which later that year shuttered the brand and itself closed in had returned from his trip with a plan to apply approach to the world of travel and in the summer of 2012 he launched a business called with travel journalist most of those writing about the travel industry were focused on one sector such as airlines or based his plan on the that simply see an process of getting around the world. That seemed to leave a gap for a media taking a more holistic approach while writing in a less more accessible way than the established trade the early who operated as chief planned to use the reporting as a foundation from which to sell data about starting with the way it was marketed things did not go to and while trying to drum up investment in he hit a brick wall. able to raise the he says. was the most humbling six months of my professional career. We were three months away from running out of were 10 or 12 people at that point. We had a famous as in famous in our company moment when we went to for our first It was a very seminal moment for us as it was supposed to be a celebration of us closing and the team tried to work out how to continue growing without any outside investment. The answer was to drop plans to sell data and focus on more established ways of making money in events and advertising. years says the business is now with revenue growth heading for upwards of a year within the next 18 months. Traffic is not around 1.5 million visitors a but priority is its list of email which stands at more than 265,000. The company now employs close to 40 mostly at its New and is expanding into with hires such as a editor based in he chose to build his second company around did not stop wading into arguments about the travails of established media including the Guardian. He says most mainstream outlets are operating more like where you hope and pray you show up in a but he pretend to have all the have a prescription for any of those he says. hard even in our business which is doing very well. People my god you guys are doing so and I say then I look back if they knew how hard it is to build a media always going to be victory is going to make things not just for the media but also the travel which says is facing a huge challenges from the insular ideologies that are taking over western politics. think Trump has already said a lot of things that will enervate people coming to the US ... Even if he does half the things he said it will have a bad effect on the travel rhetoric stands directly opposite to what the promise of travel stands for the most progressive expression of human curiosity. Fringe is the new mainstream. It is worrying for especially for which sits at the of immigration there a link between digital filter bubbles and the new geographical isolationism taking hold of western a direct line from how we have created a around in many ways as a result of that has led to the rise of and a virtual reality which manifests itself in believing in fake dispiriting picture paints is tempered by a belief in both the power of travel to increase understanding and the more and tolerant views of younger even if they will take or two to assert themselves. good news is that the world is he says. not like saying after the first bubble the is It turns out that people continued to use the The number of people from parts of the world is going to continue to which is changing in the is essentially the ultimate foil for any kind of isolationism. Same in same in The much as us older people like to laugh at the reality is that they are a ton smarter than we were as kids. So the hope. And what else is there to hope Computer graduated in 1996 Masters in Journalism from Digital reporter editor Silicon Alley Venture Reporter editor and publisher and chief on on via on on on on on this content

has not yet revealed whether she will be calling time on her long political career. She used her recent concession to address people at the beginning of theirs. never stop believing that fighting for right is worth she US presidential like the referendum before has laid bare how millions of people feel disenfranchised by the political establishment. At the same this era of great political uncertainty will lead people to become more politically active and it is these people was appealing to. We are already seeing signs of this in the with the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats all reporting a surge in membership. But where should those wanting to build a career in politics of leading politicians in the have followed the same career reading philosophy and economics at Oxford University before heading straight where they rise up the working for politicians before becoming one. A debate rages on about whether these career politicians or those with experience outside of the political sphere are in the best position to serve the public. Although this path into politics is it is certainly not the only route. There are many more ways to build a career in politics than becoming a you want a political career but are unsure where to join us on 23 from for a live chat with a panel of experts. We will be having a degree is important experience outside of politics paths into politics and careers outside of takes place in the comments section below this article. Taking part is easier than create a free Guardian or log in using your Twitter or profiles to comment. tweet us or email your questions to who can post them for is a senior lecturer in politics at Queen University of He researches political representation and his book The Political Class will be published next is a PR equality activist and media commentator. In 2011 she was named top female entrepreneur for her clothing business. Before this she was a conservative parliamentary candidate and the first woman to address a Welsh Conservative party conference. is chair of the Network and vice chair of the Society. She worked with Khan in the mayoral election and stood in Havering and as a Assembly candidate. She is a privacy and information professional with a background in politics. is senior and international campaigner at Global Witness where she campaigns on deforestation and the illegal timber trade. Prior to she spent eight years working for the Party in international relations. She has also worked for a and as government relations manager for Save the is national political officer for Unison. He has extensive experience of relationship with the helping young activists and the next generation of trade unionists build their careers. Before worked in the health Khan is a member of the Parliament for the North representing the Party. He is vice chair of the security and committee and a member of the foreign affairs committee. Before he became an he was the first Lord Mayor of and served as a for 15 is senior careers consultant with The Careers Group She works with social science and public policy students at College advising on careers in public government and international relations. is a Green Party politician who is a member of the Assembly and an She began her career as an artist before pursuing civil engineering and then transport campaigning and is director of the an communications agency based in Before joining he worked in the House of Commons as an assistant to May and John Redwood. He was a Conservative Party parliamentary candidate at the 2005 general election and served as a local for six for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career Q and on on via on on on on on this content

An extraordinary war of words broke out between Trump and the cast of the hit musical after the Mike was booed by the took to Twitter to demand an apology from the cast after its members called on Pence and the incoming Trump administration to respect the rights of all wonderful future Mike Pence was harassed last night at the by the cast of cameras blazing. This should not Trump J. Trump Theater must always be a safe and special cast of was very rude last night to a very good Mike Pence. governor was booed by after he arrived at the in New on night to see the after the curtain one of the Victor addressed Pence from the with the cast behind him. elect I see you walking but I hope you will hear just a few more moments. nothing to boo ladies and said. all here sharing a story about are the diverse who are alarmed and anxious that your new administration will not protect our our our or defend us and uphold our inalienable rights. We truly hope this show has inspired you to uphold our values and work on behalf of all of us. All of demands apology from cast after Mike Pence booed Read of the remaining audience began to cheer softly as pointed towards Pence. thank you for sharing this wonderful told by a diverse group of men and women of different creeds and he the took exception to the intervention. must always be a safe and special Trump tweeted. cast of was very rude last night to a very good Mike Pence. fired back at allegations of harassment. is not harassment sir. And I appreciate for stopping to he tweeted in Victor conversation is not harassment sir. And I appreciate for stopping to to Variety the performance was sporadically disrupted by loud booing at the presence of a strong conservative and evangelical with a voting record that shows opposition to gay at a show that celebrates K Pence getting booed as he gets to his seats at many protesters including one woman who held up a sign with a line from the musical that always gets a we get the job was not clear whether Pence heard the whole address or made any incident brings into focus the conflicts and divisions that nascent presidency has already brought to His midtown home and transition Trump has been turned into a fortified citadel by the police and Secret causing congestion and chaos in the foreign leaders and diplomats are running a gauntlet of protesters to meet with the and finding that they are taking meetings not with Trump and foreign policy but surrounded by family the prime visited Trump in his gilded penthouse last he found himself seated across from whose business last week sent out a marketing email pointing to the bracelet she wore during her interview on the current affairs show 60 is a musical biography of one of the founding fathers of the United who rose to become the man of as well as a key figure in the creation of the US financial system and the coastguard. He was killed in an 1804 duel with the then Burr the character plays in the which has enjoyed a spectacular run on was created by whom it turned into a superstar. He had a long run in the lead part before relinquishing it earlier this year to his is openly gay and He has made a point of speaking out about living with since 2002 and his hopes to diminish the stigma around the on on via on on on on on this content

For Democrats over the age of a heartbreaking loss in a presidential election is an uncomfortably familiar feeling. Twice in the past two Democrats have won the popular vote but lost the presidential loss brings three intertwined questions. What the best way to deal with the new And the path back to power in the next midterm and presidential cabinet several key posts decided as it happened Read result is so different that each of those questions is perplexing. The underlying cause of the defeat might be that Democrats lost their connection to white particularly in the upper Or that some time in early lost her longstanding base of popularity and trust and equipped to get it back. There are a dozen or more demographic categories in which in in addition to white people without college suggesting that broad unpopularity was an inescapable to a volatile base of cultural disconnect and raw dishonesty about what a president could achieve for Trump and his sometimes unwitting allies added relentless but baseless director letter 10 days before the election announcing that he was reopening the investigation into email practices. came of These staggering interventions went well beyond the mild constitutional crisis that led to W yet won the popular vote and not by a little but by about more than the proportions enjoyed by several recent presidents. The Trump coalition is smaller than former Republican presidential nominee Mitt from 2012 and a minority of voters supported Republican House and Senate overall. These facts change any but they have to be acknowledged in any no easy guidance for Democrats. And so we should not be surprised that they have started out on an uncertain footing on the second of how to relate to the administration. The norms that have been violated are so many and so and the risks so that the only moral reaction is to refuse to the most overused word in the abrupt arrival of with a in the democracy that anchors the world order. And however correct that it is largely meaningless in action. Twitter in last she won the popular vote by about other Democrats that Trump has no fixed ideology or purpose other than bluffing his way through his biggest and most daring fraud ever. He did say he did say he would fix where get shot walking to the he and his daughter mentioned paid family leave. Perhaps these are opportunities. Maybe as easily nudged in the direction of such progressive policy goals as he is towards the conservatism and racism reflected in his first three those first moves on part send two important messages to which will also affect mainstream Republicans and conservatives. he intend to or know how to expand the coalition that supports him. Trump is aware only of his hardcore the people who came to his rallies and chanted her when he mentioned his unlikely to be a popular president in his first months in which is unprecedented. On election rating was comparable to in May 1974. resigned in August 1974. Will 2017 public support move up from It with the aura of the or it might in the absence of the distrusted as a foil. Democrats have to be prepared for it to move in either but down is a safer of subtle power is that he fit into most of our mental templates for how human much less public should behave. He seems to have neither a forward or backward attention except for grudges. He now holds the ultimate public job and yet does not seem to have given thought to anything other than personal gain and attention in his entire Sessions as attorney a terrifying prospect for black Sellers Read course of the presidency of a man like with so little public is not to be predicted by comparison with a governor of the largest in the or W Bush two decades later. Trump is a though one who often seems like a embarking on one of the most arduous jobs in the world and one that has nothing to do with anything ever done before. He will have to listen far more than which seems may seem a but Democrats will have to look at the weeks and years ahead as a period of total uncertainty. most trusted aides and nominees today might be exiled along with by New Day. Republicans might ram through all his nominees or the process might be bogged down for months. vague combined with House speaker might form legislation passed in the first with a massive tax cut for the very rich at the forefront. more that agenda might get mired in the simple complexity of legislative negotiation even within one is but two facts the US is the same country it was on 6 when it was moving roughly towards racial reconciliation and out of the long shadow of the Great Recession. And it is the same country the next supported by a wide margin. Those facts are cold comfort but should be only in the months elections on on via on on on on on this content

at festival review he makes funny seem easy Read inside a former Spearmint Rhino that has been converted into a cavernous series of cushioned rooms. dark and extraordinarily with walls crumbling like a republic sex club. is reclining on a wearing an enormous fur coat and blue suede shoes. I feel as if been granted an audience with He offers me a beer. It is one of the young working has agreed to show me around the city where he still lives. been expecting maybe the Sea Life and some in has planned a degenerate pub crawl that will last many become and eventually ruin my body. you headline this article Fucked Up The something wrong with he announces. Twitter not the only one struggling to keep up with Ever since he won the 2009 Chortle student comedy he has not let the grass grow. a regular fixture on shows such as 8 Out Of 10 Never Mind The and Live At The releasing a brilliantly titled The and currently piloting a nightly for soon to grace the establishment pinnacle of the Royal Variety yet his act is deceptively subversive. He elevates pettiness to the level of absurd a story of his overturning a parking ticket through a series of bizarre letters went viral after he recounted it on 8 Out Of 10 Cats Does Countdown last year. a witty rebel with a series of very small causes and now written a book about them. Buttered is a guide on how to modern one email at a with chapters on how to stop how to use as a and how to sell fake celebrity stories to a newspaper. celebrity of choice is host of The One Show. tried to sell many stories about bids to host 2026 Commonwealth Games Read move to The Railway one of the few holdouts from the gentrification sweeping The goodwill that accompanies the comedian is as with most places we the barmen ask for clambers on to the spreading his legs. soon joined by a couple of his friends. is a local fixer who resembles a young the other is actual MP Jess They met recently at The an awards show celebrating the pride of and are now firm friends. teases as she tries to explain the implications of a hard or soft gonna do I want it hard or not at he jokes. in her own is hoping for a tender want to spoon the right shoots continue their double act in The where to have spent his childhood. We order rounds of cocktails. is on as going back to between appointments campaigning for justice for the Six. bombed in a few pubs in my including this quips who used to test early sets in the room above. indicative of the edgy material he can get away with. Affable and vocally reminiscent of his comedy is more interested in suave rather than offensive trolling. Not that uncritical of the charisma affords. say but uneasy with that word. Crisp is the ability to influence without which is has to go back to doing MP things and disappears. So a discussion springs up as to which local institution should be our next destination. Suggestions include Original Patty which serves a burger fried inside a the Coffin Works or Walk Of Stars. on Villa in the concept of the and Twitter Will for the can it become the for Read settles on another watering possibly the strangest ever seen. in is a nearly empty antiques warehouse gallery cum bar with a deli fridge in the and an strides over a red carpet to inspect the wares. A lamp depicting on sale for A stool with real legs. An enormous silver next to a pram of creepy dolls. like someone tried to recreate but ran out of money. orders an spicy cocktail garnished with a massive something in a jam jar with thyme poking out of and a beer. He sits beside two assembling a gingerbread house we have with us for some reason. a strange charm in the tackiness of the place. thing about no one spends their evening looking over your shoulder that Nick and wondering if a better night they could be on. Because there time with occasionally feels like being in the West Midlands A man called Tommy Corners turns offering to drive us to the Kings Heath side of town. called someone because during the he found you could put all sorts of bets on the number of corners won in and now he full of says Corners as we clamber into the back pushing aside a job lot of aftershaves. He seem to be inviting any more questions on the so off we go. has a habit of picking up followers. Does he ever spend time alone to not sure if an introvert or extrovert. I love being around but sometimes I do need to go off and passed so many career domination was never the he says. exceeded my own now I just want to keep things By he seems to mean trying to get chucked out of his local now at the Actress where is urging me to the The pump is full of and has been clad in ice as a promotional gimmick. Having got in trouble a few weeks ago for partially the machine by inadvertently resting his hand on chief ambition is now to finish the job. The rebellious mood is infectious. Young rests a hot hand on the icy pump and attempts to order drinks. The manager assures him get nothing unless he moves his hand. They stare at each other. coming back here with miniature promises a gleeful as we leave the premises. Twitter and drink up. Will for the late. We make our way to the Hare Hounds. A plaque informs us that this was the site of first as good a recommendation as any. We knock back a shot of tequila followed by a shot of which is a revelation. At this we founding saxophonist with is actually drinking at the bar. Has he been here since a fan of not being but you are a funny hails him. And full of advice for the rising star. know how long it takes to become an overnight Fifteen people have joined us. Jess has and is explaining trade tariffs using pint glasses and salt cellars. like Tony with a instead of a pipe. from is still dispensing while contemplates religion. say we live on through the family and friends who remember he says. rather live on through my and which are available I am profoundly drunk and my phone is dead. time to go home. get you an says want to get stuck at unless there for an trust love always remember says in parting. In the the driver asks me to confirm my name. I wondering whether illegal to impersonate an MP. As we speed I miss the mayhem. Like his I want more time with this urbane rascal. To be vicariously fun. I later has passed still wearing his fur Recalling his thoughts on the classy double suddenly becomes if up the with there really a better night on on via on on on on on this content

One day during his last year at primary drew a picture of a street in the city where he still lives. The scene he drew had no people in but its representation of everything else suggested a talent beyond his happened to see the and said he wanted to put it up in the entrance hall. that was an for someone who think they were any because been told they any every was asked to write his name on the an instruction that threw up a choice. He had difficulties with and he knew his class teacher could be cruel. I asked for I knew what he would he even spell his own what rubbish is So I did it teacher called to the front of the class. went gave it to he held it up in front of the and then he tore it up. He spelled his name wrong never be happened 45 years ago. In recent has been treated for stress caused at least partly by that and how long it lived not just in his but in his understanding of the world and his place in it. The story says a lot about the inhumanity that was once rife in the education but it also shines light on what like spending a lot of your life being not just but routinely insulted. telling you no good every day worms its way inside your says. you know all so this conflict going has known that he has syndrome to put it another that he is autistic. Ten minutes will tell you that condition comes down to a of to do with social communication and or what some people call of although the fact that is a prolific artist suggests in his that last criterion might be many diagnoses of autism have also included a range of sensory among them aversions to certain smells and as well as a deep dislike of sudden noise. In these seem to blur into a complex kind of he understands music as something he can and experiences the yellow as a profoundly unpleasant like sometimes talks about his condition in front of an and there is one question that always comes up. he sits in his room all he does he does complicated he talk to anyone else how do I make him you made his world. One show it to you. let him grow up thinking that the way thinking and what doing are was formally diagnosed at the age of at an clinic run as an offshoot of Autism Research after he was referred there by his The initial spark had been a meeting with the founder and in case anyone was of who had spoken with at the literature had begun to what sat under a lot of his at the the biography that accompanied his work as an artist included the words From May 2012 until he worked as the research immediately a specialist gave him his formal a process that involved an interview and something akin to a questionnaire. got the letter saying I scored 18 out of 18 autistic and I had meet in a crowded near St Cathedral in where he wryly comments on the mixture of clattering cups and muzak a lot of autistic this would probably be and casts his mind back over the 35 years he has been thinking about and researching autism. He started working with six autistic children in a special unit in north in 1982. Fifteen years he set up the research two years after in he opened a clinic dedicated to diagnosing autistic adults. My son received a diagnosis aged three. He had fixations with particular music or places traits I in was a growing awareness that autism just about he tells me. was receiving more and more emails an but never fitted in. Might he have An adult go to a child and adolescent so where were they meant to If they went to a learning disability and they had an above be turned away. So these people were like a lost generation. That was a phrase I used a National Autistic Society estimates that there are currently around 700,000 people living with autism in the more than one in every 100 of the population. Some of these people have learning disabilities. Some are what the medical vocabulary terms or unable to speak. Others are a that includes those with the condition named after the paediatrician who in the worked with a group of children he famously termed syndrome is distinguished by the fact that people who have it display no language delay as toddlers or small children. died in long before the term entered popular usage. It has since been dropped from the relevant diagnostic but is still used in the is among this latter group that you will find many of the of autistic people currently thought to have been diagnosed as adults. No national figures for adult autism diagnoses are but anecdotal evidence suggests numbers are tells me that four years 100 cases in were referred to his in the first four months of 2016 it received 400 of the terms used to describe autism do justice to the complicated traits bound up with it. all its variants are covered by the term autism spectrum or people who dispute that autism is any kind of prefer the term autism spectrum condition. The word was first used in this context by the pioneering researcher who died in 2014. she meant at the I was a spectrum within those who come to clinical attention. Where gone since is that this spectrum runs right through out into the general own interest in autism began when my son received a diagnosis of at the age of three. Back some things seemed the social distance between him and his his fixations with particular music the or his pointed dislike of some foods or sounds still curse whoever invented the public toilet his amazing facility with technology. these things are simply part of the fabric of our shared life. I echoes of myself in some of these traits the and of plenty of other more than his 10 years have brought me an understanding of the complexities of human both among those diagnosed as the and the everyday world has yet to catch up. Only of adults diagnosed with autism in the are in paid employment. In 2014 team found that of the patients in their clinic had either felt suicidal or planned to kill and that a third had attempted to do so. my this is nothing to do with autism or he says. are secondary problems. You came into the world with and the way the world or to you has led to a second which is depression. And week after talking to I take the train to the town of to meet Peter who got his autism diagnosis only 10 months ago. He is an funny and says he loves perhaps a little too much. get this deep urge a to talk to people. When described it to the said like a bucket of water and full. And then all of it comes and it Twitter Peter get too much for and they get too much for 20 it becomes clear that Street has the most astonishing life story of anyone I have ever interviewed. His he became pregnant with him when she was raped. In his native the two of them were taken in by a man much older than who employed her as his and then married her and adopted Street to give the arrangement a veneer of normality. He grew he with no extended family and very few friends. get too much for and they get too much for me. A lot of the I overpower people. When I was a when I made a I would go and sit on their waiting for them. a really early and I cope with being late anywhere. I used to go and sit on the maybe seven in the morning. And people obviously like daily he often revolved around an outside and his back which he would use for solo games of football and marbles. that was in some sense. It have been wonderful for some but it was for He also made endless trips to the where he acquired a forensic knowledge of he mentions the musclebound actor who played can take certain things in really odd he says. I take in what most people take in every he found it almost impossible to tune in to the teachers. were shit with he says. knew how to abuse. They were good at it. They were bullies. They used to stand me in the in the and hit me over the head with the board to knock some sense into me. always blamed my epilepsy on He started having grand seizures when he was it is now estimated that around a third of autistic people also experience though the relationship between the two is something that has yet to left school unable to read or write. He passed through a series of jobs a a shop some of which came to an end because he found it difficult to process complex before settling into work as a gardener and gravedigger. Along the he married his with whom he has three grownup children. like being with he says. very very introverted. In a a after breaking his neck while trying to climb into a transit van that was pulling Street began three years in recovery. While he was in he met a fellow patient who was an and started to work with him on his through adult he discovered a talent for we he hands me an anthology of his published in that begins with a poem titled Not Being a perfect glimpse into the autistic experience of not fitting the late Street began to teach poetry in schools and day in the early he became a at the in which led to a series of assignments. In he went to to write about the war that was then engulfing the with often said that they have no emotion or he says. have too much too much empathy. It broke my Three experiences preyed on a meeting with an abandoned in a refugee an occasion when he gave his water ration to an emaciated woman with a newborn and the experience of eating a sumptuous meal in the town of with or four kids at the looking in. And I have the balls to get up and go and give them my his inability to put away these memories had become too much. went to a therapist. And she want you to go and see a friend of mine. a specialist in diagnosing people with I go as you do. And she gave me these really strange games. They were like a jigsaw four pieces. White. They were so I thought I could do them and I He was handed five plastic figures and and told to make a story with them. I do either. I connect them together into one story. She said I was highly but on the autism response was one of enormous relief. cried. It was wonderful. Wonderful. Because all my life suddenly made sense. And none of it the the abuse none of it was my fault. Apart from my family and put it in the top five greatest things that have happened in my life. incredibly got her diagnosis of syndrome she is perfectly comfortable with the term when she was 30. Back she was a regular user of the social networking site that was a forerunner of and and one of her contacts had begun to write about the process of finding out he was autistic. wrote about it quite all the reasons gone for what the procedure was seeing half a dozen different psychiatrists before he found one who would refer him for she tells me. the more he wrote about the more I was this is is now 35. She also has mild cerebral which manifests itself in spasms in her knees and wrists. She is a whose specialism is the and has a punishing training schedule. She wears a vintage Bowie has a picture of the town of tattooed on her right and is a prolific and waspish presence on Twitter. is currently awaiting a decision on the funding of her which is focused on the relationships between academic libraries and digital academic social networking services and governance in research At secondary boys pretend to fancy you. It kills because you take it grew up in in the dales and now lives in Throughout her says she had a deep sense of being somehow. Being clever and being a supposedly interesting but never able to maintain friendships and saying something among women and girls is only starting to be properly understood. The male to female ratio of autistic people currently stands at around although says he and other autism specialists are currently in a in their the actual figure may eventually turn out to be very different. a whole new topic researchers are latching on about whether females for whatever reason might be better at hiding their he something that is borne out by recollection of her time at not supposed to get on with parents better than them when you go round to their houses. I really want to play with people I just looked really aloof. I read the diary of Frank when I was and I talked about the Holocaust. But I would try to copy other how they talked and acted. watch that other people watched so have something to talk about. and Home And She laughs. got a when everyone else got but I had no interest in the teenage etiquette and the nastiness that often comes with it proved too much. are cruel. They exclude each and pretend to be friends with each as a game. And I get but I get insincerity. And at secondary boys pretend to fancy because the most ludicrous idea they can think of. It kills you because you take it seriously. And they invite you to and then they show or round the corner laughing. All of that Twitter Penny would try to copy other how they talked and has been married to her for 11 years. he loves me the way I completely myself with How hard does she find it to read other sort of depends. If actually I can probably feel it quicker than other people. I can feel it too much. But I usually tell if people are trying to get out of a if people are trying to leave. You have to tell need to I tell whether people like me or which is of people have issues with I myself included. they seem at peace with it. Even with people known for a long I know whether they like me or not unless had an explicit you actually like Which turns people it comes to understanding how much does she think the world still needs to a lot. Because I think a lot of people still believe or think a really mild it just makes it a bit harder for her to make makes her a bit more A lot of the stressful. Painful. When the sensory stuff is like being mentions people flicking their train or jangling their or whistling. not I have really but can you stop doing But people have one last question. is what some people call When she meets autistic people who does she feel they are part of the same And I think we have a as people who can to make sure that those people are looked after and not and they have inappropriate people speaking for or saying things got a mental age of How would they if they communicate with From what I can they are experiencing the same thing as me. When seen a person have a it looks like my only more physical. It She thinks for a minute. looks like an unrestrained version of how I sometimes talks about what many autistic people call like pretend interest in soaps and about managing to blend even if that means submerging whole chunks of your personality. In passing took its toll in his late he hit an emotional wall. being true to yourself has an effect on he says. been and that had failed. I had a girlfriend at the and that was failing. I had a bit of a and it took me a couple of years to get used to started out on a new path as an artist. The work he does ranges across disciplines including sculpture and and regularly touches on his own story. Among his most affecting works is a piece called My School an fountain pen covered in spikes that perfectly evokes his struggles as a child. You might have but the basics of the way you view the world are right for he was working on a project with a group of teenagers for a charity called the Foyer Federation. woman in charge you ever considered he recalls. She gave him a copy of Mark novel The Curious Incident Of The Dog In The now almost a set text for people interested in the condition. I went away and I read one page and I wells up now. might have faults and but the basics of the way you view the world are right for you. When everybody tells thinking you know not. But if tells you you think faulty. the root of the depression and the low So to read those things on a page was emotional. It was . I could see that someone understood. And I maybe I am It would be another six years before he was formally most adults who receive a the formal recognition might make belated sense of their but it tends to make little difference to their daily existence. According to the National Autistic of adults say they get the help they need. People might just about the more extreme but as Penny puts probably not aware of the bulk of autistic people who are sitting coping with a lot of and the fact that dealing with all this noise and stress and uncertainty that they have among autistic adults speaks for itself. Even such mundane things as the ubiquity of piped or inadequate in public attest to the same basic a society averting its eyes from things that blight hundreds of thousands of lives and might easily be improved. We of but the point needs to be greater understanding and then practical cites one big if autism comes down to an often profound difficulty navigating the only a tiny number of people currently receive the help they need to do that. about how to go or how to go for a job or how to reply to your girlfriend. To if we were a be paying for mentors. It seem government called Access To Work means that does get help from a support worker called a calm and empathic woman who accompanies him to our interview. is copied into all his and in the course of work as an artist and a researcher into disability and creativity at she regularly shadows him for a couple of hours a day. Among other her job is partly to assist him in the kind of reading between the lines that professional and social etiquette but that a lot of autistic people find difficult. Very she she is there to suggest that a particular request or instruction is put in a different or to remind people in authority that has his own ways of working. might have a time span to do a piece of if your line manager is checking you each day to find out your progress you might not do anything for two you might be mulling it over in your in the workplace an opportunity not a drawback Read talks a lot about the quintessentially autistic way in which he divines patterns in the often immersing himself in them. Music is a good example. He has an called which he uses to sequences of electronic notes into an which he can then use if a spurt of anxiety means he needs to readjust. He plays me a which I say reminds me of the kind of experimental music that came out of in the not a got really into Tangerine Dream in about 1976 the repeating sequences were heaven for says. He also likes the electronic pioneers which rings loud bells. My son is a and regularly in on particular segments of their songs and plays them over and over. Does that sound and his mind goes back to 1978. bought Blue Sky by There was a track on the other and it had a very strange beginning. It was called Fire On and play it over and over and over aligned me. It made me feel that the world was right and everything was together. It felt like it was part of me. like all the stars lining smiles. like that give me the feeling meant to be on on via on on on on on this content

My boss is bullying me and undermining my confidence but what can I do about boss like me. not sure why and have given up trying to figure it but making my working life miserable. She undermines me in front of the rest of the interrupts with irrelevant asides when trying to lead leaves me out of meetings I should be included and makes threats that I might lose my job or someone else more junior might lose theirs if I do some often irrelevant task. I am desperate to leave but feel so undermined by her and passive aggressive that I feel useless and unemployable. She likes to remind me that I am lucky to have a job. I have worked here for 15 years but now feel trapped in a vicious circle. What should I know why your boss like you and be fairly certain she either. a and bullies are unhappy creatures who derive strange pleasure from humiliating particularly in front of an audience. Some bullies achieve their ascendancy through force of personality. Your boss does it by abusing her seniority. In saying not asking you to understand let alone forgive saying something more the ultimate aim of bullies to intimidate their victims to such an extent that they begin to believe they somehow deserve to be that they are worthless beings and exactly happening to you. You say you feel useless and and yet you must know none of those things. In the 15 years worked in this place presumably before the arrival of this monster you will have been a contented person. That at who you still are so you must fight very hard not to succumb. If she senses you it will give her still further pleasure and even see it as in some way justifying her would hope that those in authority will soon the malign influence this person is having and will take steps to remove her. But you wait for that. You need to be consciously defiant. Defy your boss by looking at yourself in the mirror and promising yourself that you let her win. Then with all the old confidence that you can go out there and find yourself another say Keep a detailed log of all and keep all relevant even notes. My lawyer advised me this when I was in a similar situation. It stop me from having to but I got a much better deal because I had proof of everything. The only solution is to get out sad and but sometimes life is like that. But you can look for other jobs up hill and down dale with no time pressure. As an once you start looking you will probably find the stress flows away you will have control of the situation. I was in this situation with a boss who continually described me as to cold to get along and I really In the feeling I was on the verge of a nervous I simply quit. I have anything to go to but felt I had to for the sake of my health. I had savings I could live on for six months big lifestyle a plan for work if I find something and an alternative plan for retraining in the longer term. The day I walked out was one of the happiest of my life the relief was incredible and I felt much better about myself almost immediately. In the end I got a job within a month. only in hindsight that I just what a bad mental state got myself and I dread to think of the damage if I had stayed. I know it is a and for some is financially but if there is any way at all you can do then get out. Join a union if you and wait until you are entitled to representation. Keep a including details of possible witnesses. With the help of your submit a grievance detailing what you are complaining about and what you would like your employer to do about it. My secondment is failing as being denied the IT training I desperately have recently been promoted to team the second rung of the managerial ladder. I had been working towards this for a year before I finally got my opportunity on secondment for two months and will get made permanent if it goes explained in my interview that although I have a basic knowledge of the computer I have the knowledge that the other team leader or the manager has. Since I have been promoted I have had to text or ring one of them each shift in order for help. I explained that I wanted training and needed it to be able to do my but have been told going to be difficult to find the time. Now things are going wrong and I am unable to fix them. There have been occasions where they answered the phone and been completely and been reprimanded for it on the next this continues I see the secondment being made from either as I want to take the job permanently if this is what is to suspect being just a little too polite and hesitant. Because you want to make a fuss or seem to be looking for excuses when things go you been nearly firm enough in your request for training. This could lead to exactly the outcome you with your secondment failing to be made permanent and rather than your being held responsible. You as you be relieved but that would be unfair and need to write a considered note to your copied to HR you have such a Avoid sounding either plaintive or stick strictly to the facts. Say that you are grateful to both your manager and the other team leader for the time they spend helping you deal with system issues. Now that been doing the job for some time become even more apparent that you have to rely on such ad hoc help but need formal computer system training. Can they please arrange a for you as soon as because only then will you feel able to the role with which been will hopefully prompt the training you need. At being on the record when your performance is eventually it should ensure not unfairly say Cover your write a report to your manager requesting a minion on adding that training would be cheaper. And bite the bullet and and network like crazy. Pick up the phone and talk to IT experts on connecting your own staff. People are usually happy to help as long you show that looking to develop your own knowledge rather than simply asking them to solve your problems for you. Aside from one can often find other IT examples and user forums You can also ask the IT people if they have any documentation often they have put considerable effort into which can often go largely unused. This will not only help you to do your but help you you look for another. you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply on on via on on on on on this content

Two years my partner and I finally wrote proper wills. The basic instructions for guardianship of our young written years were no longer We were prompted by Will a charitable scheme that runs every It was hard to resist its it is irresponsible not to sort out your affairs doing it this solicitors waive their fees and instead you make a charitable donation. This was but it was surprisingly hard to get round to which might explain why half the population have valid of my including superstitions that disaster would follow my writing was according to Will research. But my partner and I had also had experiences of wills stirring up uncomfortable emotions. My with no property to bequeathed me his chaotic stamp collection. It reminded me of his sad years and I hid it away until finally disposing of it. Badly. For I felt let him down. My experience was more pointed an unsatisfactory letter from his mother explaining her decision to leave her house to stepchildren and grandchildren rather than her a will a job but it is a matter of life and death Read I started asking I found that surprising numbers of people have had experiences of wills that left them puzzled as in the case of still upset after 20 years. in his is a successful professional living in who received a financial legacy when his grandfather died. But his grandfather delivered a wounding blow with his last was a big figure in his early life. in every says was a dominant personality. He was brilliant. been to a top university and was a national bridge champion. He was involved in early work in which really took off in in the and He was a funny person. I admired knew his grandfather had a cruel witnessed him philandering and seen him putting down his father. But since relationship with his own father was he saw his grandfather as an father was also very but he was one of those people who quite make it. His life had never really come together. He had never managed to have a good he never finished his and he sometimes had to ask his father for money. He was charming but he had a horrible temper. We were never violently treated we were scared of him. It was kind of fun to have someone put him in his The letter was just the thing you can imagine. It was a chronicle of my view of his grandfather as an ally and idol was shattered on his death. by then living in was summoned back to the US when his grandfather became joining family members at the bedside. The day after he the family found his will and a letter requesting that it should be read by who was named as now regrets that he read it first. started reading it out to my family and you know from the first sentence where going. And I stop reading it. What do you quite dutiful. So I probably just felt been told to read this letter so just read it. If it was I might not do The letter was addressed to his telling him what a he was all his how little respect he had for him every step of the way. It was just the thing you can imagine. It was a chronicle of my failings. have been a disappointment. You have borrowed money from me. Your life has been a The tone was nasty in a clinical still lives with a sense of guilt that his grandfather recruited him to wound his own father like this from beyond the grave. But if his grandfather felt would enjoy a shared role in delivering this he miscalculated. stop himself reading the but his mind was in revolt. remember my father sitting there listening to this letter and not doing anything. The only thing my father said there you are In an my opinion of my grandfather changed from being and often to being cruel. Simple. One word. thinks that his motivation was pure spite. and his wife were both vain and narcissistic. He had an image and he wanted everything a certain thinks a sense of entitlement and power reinforced this narcissism. They wanted their children to be in their image. was just so talented if they meet his expectations he was perpetually I come across a lot of people disinheriting their usually because been a huge falling author of Blood and mentions narcissism as one of the personality disorders that underlie spiteful and last letters. used to believe naively that inheritance fights were instigated by greedy he says. had fallen into the trap of blaming the living and pardoning the dead. Over time I began to appreciate that in if not the decedent himself or herself was a central part of the they just physically present to fight over the mess they had a hand in bad on the part of the deceased is for what it is. In 2014 unusually given a cornerstone of law is the right to leave your property to whomever you wish a judge found in of Heather who challenged her will. had explicitly disinherited leaving considerable property to animal charities. Their conflict had started when Heather was 17 and ran away with her whom disapproved of. never forgave her even though Heather went on to marry who is still her husband and father of their five children. The judge accepted the description of as an capricious and harsh runs Lovingly a company of bereavement coordinators. She says that surprising numbers of people seem set on creating emotional either because they are not clear about their wishes or because they are engaging in emotional warfare. come across a lot of people disinheriting their children. often because the kids bother with them and usually because been a huge falling out and they speak any more. One person rather give to the home than let that bitch get Sometimes because the child has married someone they like. I also get quite a few people wanting to give it to their because they feel their children have neglected wins after legal battle over will with charities Read thinks the potential for wills to cause havoc has increased. Because of house price the higher value of estates tempts damaged people to use wills as weapons in a fight. Higher values also make those disinherited more inclined to challenge wills and with increasing numbers of the chances of wills being inadequate to the situation escalate. People she when someone remarries that immediately invalidates other This means biological children can end up cut out of any inheritance. My kids would never do says it comes to cold hard and last wishes letters are the final words from the written when people contemplate their own end and are swayed by strong feelings about their relationships with children and about who needs help and who about how they want to be remembered. Wills are emotional documents as much as financial and practical ones and thus have the potential for creating havoc and distress if unclear or used as see her role as stopping people doing what they want with their but she does gently you think it would be a good idea to leave some to a blood Even if you leave it to the perhaps a because being disinherited leaves a legacy of often discussed openly. But thinks more openness might help people think clearly about what they are doing and the consequences. cynical about human she says and could go in terms of respecting the wishes of the deceased or the havoc created by a vicious will. want to scare but I explain all the scenarios and how to avoid them by thinking through what the end result will If you would like to communicate with directly about this please email on on via on on on on on this content

I remember taking a a few months after you when a thought reduced me to tears. I was ambling along a bridge that divided my apartment building from your former nursing home and I never going to see me as a person in that I thought I was in love. Maybe I was. My feelings for an unavailable man consumed me in a way nothing else had or should. I know how to be apart from my thoughts about but I know how to be with him either. All my relationships were suffering as a result. Though you loved and cared for so many in your I always felt that you also understood this kind of solitude you and I had lived together in your apartment for the summer. I cared for you as your was taking a turn for the and I was between between between everything. We sat down for one of those rambling chats you loved. You were always a natural storyteller. The words coming so freely any especially in but you talked. I loved listening to you told me that you were worried about me. Because some people naturally gravitate towards marriage and but I talk to myself. I knew what you and it was true. The running feedback loop of thoughts and writing that had accompanied me on my journey made it difficult for me to know how to let anybody else you loved and cared for so many in your long I always felt that you also understood this kind of solitude well. Maybe this is one of the reasons why our bond was always so deep and also told me that not for the first about your first the man who was not my who came from whom war and death and circumstances tore you apart. You described this love with a sparkle in your eyes. This I asked what been afraid to ask you you ever fall in love with my never forget your is what you Love is not one I understood from you. One great love have to overwhelm you and swallow and all future possibility of whole. Life evolves and the nature of our love evolves with and our capacity to love never but we have to find that capacity deep within ourselves. This is where the secret to happiness and it will carry you through darker need you to know that it took a but my relationship to love grew stronger. The relationship I had with the unavailable man along with my and just about everything else. I went on my own for and made a point of steering away from romantic did many things I had never done before. thinking less about what I should be doing and more about what I was doing having connecting with fascinating rekindling my wonder for is amazing who you will attract into your life when you are kinder to yourself. And I did. About a week before my scheduled flight home. Our paths crossed in a garden and the puzzle pieces seemed already in place. It was easy. Even when it was hard. We have vastly different backgrounds and were more or less headed to opposite sides of the Earth. But we chose to make the decisions that would allow us to stay together and give things a years we have we have dug we have worked through many of our own demons and the ones we stirred up together. We did all this knowing what trust and unconditional love feels like. Because this is the love I made. Against whatever am 42 now. been almost 10 years since you died. I have your exact streak like a zebra stripe down the left side of my hair. I used to marvel at yours when I was little. People who seen me in a long time mention our resemblance. Thank you so much for loving and always holding my hand on the path to We will pay for every Letter to we publish. Please write about 600-700 words. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone letter to and on on via on on on on on this content

John better known as the sings and plays guitar outside Trump Tower. Mike Trump has settled the fraud lawsuit over the Trump University for according to New attorney general In my office sued Trump for swindling thousands of innocent out of millions of dollars through a scheme known at Trump University. Trump fought us every step of the filing baseless charges and fruitless appeals and refusing to settle for even modest amounts of compensation for the victims of his phony university. that all changes. million settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Trump and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent am pleased that under the terms of this every victim will receive restitution and that Trump will pay up to million in penalties to the State of New for violating state education laws. The victims of Trump University have waited years for result and I am pleased that their patience and persistence will be rewarded by this million Trump announced the nomination of senator Sessions as attorney general and congressman Mike as director of the Central Intelligence as well as the selection of retired Gen. to serve as his national security one of earliest backers during the Republican primary has served in the Senate since and served as attorney general for two years before that. The lawmaker has the rare distinction of once being passed over for a federal judgeship over racist comments he allegedly made. During confirmation hearing in lawmakers heard testimony that Sessions called respected civil rights organizations In another set of a prosecutor told Congress that Sessions had said he thought the was until I found out they smoked feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of Sessions to serve as the next attorney Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition also known as the Naked a plays guitar and sings as demonstrators voice their opposition to Trump. Naked Cowboy came over and sang a song about trump that included lyrics about blue lives mattering and Trump putting thugs in jail. Also about how bad is. And how Trump Tower is the greatest place on then picked up a cradled her in his and kissed her. not acid strong enough for this to be a I assure while Naked Cowboy was doing his a motorcade left through the garage. No official word on if it is or someone altogether different. Fox News is reporting it is Trump. I meet President I may first grab his crotch to get his attention then discuss Science with 2016 Long before led a chant demanding the imprisonment of and before he came to view an entire religion as responsible for he issued a public plea for nuance in intelligence. Gen. Mike followed his longtime friend from the elite Joint Special Operations Command to Their partnership had transformed into an apparatus that collected and disseminated intelligence as rapidly as it killed and then fed that intelligence back into its internal systems to accelerate the lethal with would command the war and would run its intelligence shop. But soon considered the entire US intelligence apparatus in to be focusing on the wrong in was that US intelligence focused too much on the insurgency. It gave comparatively little emphasis on granular data about trends among Afghans which at the time the coterie of around considered decisive. Win the the thinking and the insurgency would lose the base of support necessary to a rare move for a serving intelligence took his critique most salient problems are cultural and he wrote in a 2010 paper for the Center for a New at that point the ascendant defense and a job pipeline into the Pentagon. killing insurgents usually serves to multiply enemies rather than subtract and his needed information including data and patrol minutes from with local farmers and tribal leaders polling data and atmospherics reports from psychological operations and female engagement on the authors was crucial to victory. It would admittedly offer clues about where to find but it would elements of even greater strategic importance a map for leveraging popular support and marginalizing the insurgency 2010 which took many in intelligence circles by was the first time most outside the military had encountered It made his career in from subtle intelligence chief to ideologue Read more Not exactly a 2016 senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of senator Sessions to serve as the next attorney Instead of embracing the bigotry that fueled his campaign I urge Trump to reverse his apparent decision to nominate Senator Sessions to be attorney general of the United States. If he then it will fall to the Senate to exercise fundamental moral leadership for our nation and all of its people. Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition Your supplemental has arrived outside Trump National Golf Club He is currently standing in the drainage ditch across the street from the main entrance. The property owner has given him permission and at least one other reporter permission to do is lined both ways with bright orange signs from the township of stating Stopping or The signs go significantly farther to the west than the supplemental now holding in the drainage ditch resting a coffee cup on the guard rail as he enjoys an unseasonably mild day in New Jersey and the exhaust fumes from passing traffic. I would like to express my gratitude to for reviving interest in my 2006 The Price of Admission. I have never met or spoken with and rare in this life to find such a selfless benefactor. Of I doubt he became and merely to boost my lagging but thankful. book exposed a grubby secret of higher that the rich buy their underachieving way into elite universities with donations. It reported that New Jersey real estate developer had pledged to University not long before his son was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League which at the time accepted about one of every nine applicants. it only takes one out of also quoted administrators at high who described him as a student and expressed dismay at was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into a former official at the school in New told me. point did not warrant his SAT scores did not warrant it. We for there was no way this was going to happen. lo and was accepted. It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the and they did a spokeswoman for said in an email on that that gift to was related to admission and always has been His and enormously generous and have donated over to hospitals and other charitable causes. was an excellent student in high school and graduated from with of 2003 class at also graduated with discoveries were an offshoot of my research for a chapter on donors. Somebody had slipped me a document I had long the membership list of Committee on University Resources. The university wooed more than 400 of its biggest givers and most promising prospects by putting them on this committee and inviting them to campus periodically to be dined and subjected to lectures by eminent idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate oil money consultants and heirs had gone to A disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased its standards for the offspring of wealthy began working through the poring over Who in and class reunion reports for family information. and were both on the committee. I had never heard of but their joint presence struck me as a sign that machine held the couple in especially fond clips showed that empire encompassed 25,000 New Jersey along with extensive industrial and retail space and undeveloped land. Unlike most of his fellow committee was not a man. He had graduated from New University. This eliminated the sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to leaving another likely his his sons and had both enrolled did than high school student get into Golden Read more Just going to leave this here on news that Trump may settle the fraud lawsuit against his Trump University J. Trump University has a approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of 2016 Senate minority leader Chuck on I know Senator Sessions and we work out in the but the fact that he is a senator does not absolve him from answering tough questions in the confirmation process. Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has to say. the chief strategist and senior Darkness is good. Dick power. Women and advocacy groups are preparing for the most serious assault on reproductive rights in decades after the first female nominee of a major lost the presidential election to Trump. Protesters form a wall of women outside Trump Tower. in tandem with an undivided Congress under Republican 33 governors and an open seat on the supreme court with the possibility of more has cast serious uncertainty about the future of abortion in the advocates really bad bad as ever seen said the of policy for a advocacy many of his policy stance on reproductive rights has shifted throughout his including three contradictory positions on abortion in three hours. In an interview on with 60 Trump reiterated his vow to appoint conservative and supreme court which could gradually restrict abortion access and even lead to overturning Roe v the ruling that legalized abortion in the US. who appears to have an incongruous understanding of how the supreme court had previously suggested this would happen prospect of overturning Roe v Wade has set off alarm bells among health who are already fighting to hold the line against an avalanche of regulations meant to restrict access to abortions at the state level. But experts saying dismantling the precedent would be much more difficult than Trump seems to think it will has withstood the test of over 40 said interim senior director of US policy and advocacy at the Center for Reproductive noting that US supreme court justices take precedents seriously even when they disagree with them. has survived including ones that have pushed to appoint justices to the supreme the Trump said that if Roe v Wade is then women would to go to another Asked if that was he see what happens. got a long way to rights groups brace for are used to fighting impossible Read more Retired lieutenant general who was tapped this morning as national security calling is a political ideology. It is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion. And I have a very tough time because I see a lot of people screaming with hatchets or machetes or rifles shooting up clubs or literally axing families on a or like they just killed a couple of police officers with a machete. unbelievable. So we have a like cancer. You gone through cancer in my own life. So like cancer. And a like a malignant in this case. It has metastasized. has gotten exclusive access to film a special about home and life. The is very excited about J. Trump at 10 PM 7 PM on a one hour special on me and my life by 2016 From a written statement submitted to Congress in 1986 by a former assistant United States about then a nominee for a federal district Sessions called me into his office and indicated he felt I had been unduly harsh with the secretary. Sessions admonished me to careful what you say to white Sessions merely urged me to be careful about what I said to that admonition would have been quite reasonable. But that was not the language that he was a period in our own lifetimes when blacks were regularly admonished to be particularly polite or and a remark of that sort may just have slipped out inadvertently. is taking Trump at his word. Sen. of official is wondering whether Trump will implement the agenda that won him the presidency. Some of like tech investor Peter contend that Trump should not be taken the Democratic senator from shows no signs of interest in that discussion. As perhaps the Democratic premier civil libertarian on Capitol his anticipation of the Trump administration starts from the perspective that the will govern as he against against for for surveillance. from his perch on the intelligence is preparing for a going to have to make sure now that a political agenda replace a set of constitutional priorities. the heart of said in an interview with the Guardian this is one of the few national politicians who can plausibly claim to have fought national security abuses and championed civil liberties with equal vigor in the W Bush and administrations. He is far more comfortable discussing policies or proposals than he is discussing opting to refer to Trump simply as the look at some of what the has to say and it certainly ought to be a call from the standpoint of potential abuse of quote sticking in mind these days is one Trump issued in after the Democratic National Committee which US intelligence has blamed on discussing his political I wish I had that power. love to have that By 20 it will no longer be on Trump's call for potential abuse of Read more The feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. Trump exits Trump Tower. Drew dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its Trump fashion dropped by no mo Trump items on as her campaign had been targeted by businesswoman who created on Twitter in after the Trump them by the audio tape scandal. can do Trump brags on tape about using fame to get women Read revealed in a Guardian exclusive at the time that his appalling boasting on tape reminded her of being sexually harassed by her boss at a Silicon Valley job in her was outraged by the but also by vigorous support of her presidential campaign with barely a while at the same time promoting her fashion and accessories line with messages of empowerment for the stylish working told the Guardian on night about and retailers cite specifically but coincidentally contacted supporters of the campaign who had complained to them to explain they were dropping the tweets about her campaign have been viewed more than nine million times and the has been read or spread 200 million times in just over a began by posting a list of retailers that sell items from the Trump including the big hitters at the and Lord and high profile names such as Amazon and urging consumers not only to boycott them but to contact them to the traditional none of the big guys have budged have plenty of indications that the larger players are paying very close attention to this. not surprised that the smaller players would be the first to drop the however. And I know the message is getting said hopes that even if big retailers want to appear now that Trump is and his family members are poised to benefit that they will feel an unpleasant of in stocking Trump she has sparked a backlash from some Trump voters who are now keen to encourage boycotts of the retailers that boycott is NOT interested in the business of 60 Million and are engaging in corporate terrorism against is already blue sky thinking about whether could grow into a bigger phenomenon as a shopping ethics monitor that rates companies by their respect for women and inclusiveness in could be measuring how many women or people of color they have in senior executive the ethical dimensions of the products they carry. We want to support companies that take the high she said. congressman on attorney general nominee If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept gays were in the immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the Senator Sessions is your senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of and people of color than Sen. Sessions. He is a staunch opponent of legal immigration and someone who has blocked every effort to and humanize our immigration which is two or three decades ran for the Senate because he was deemed by the Senate Judiciary Committee as too racist to serve as a federal judge. He is the kind of person who will set back law civil the and increase mass incarceration industry and erase 50 years of progress.

The families all got the same threat posted on their if their children played in the they would be evicted. When the parents asked the property managers for help reading the they were to a federal discrimination lawsuit filed against a major real estate investment when four mothers inquired about the management threatened to social services and the a workers get priced out of beach city Read was in said one of the mothers. really created a fear in complaint against Properties paints a disturbing picture of a company that has targeted and harassed tenants and renters with mental disabilities as part of an illegal eviction scheme to replace them with younger rights advocates said the filed on behalf of 15 tenants and advocacy group Strategic Alliance for a Just provides a window into the tactics of real estate investors who are aggressively purchasing and older accelerating displacement and income inequality in cities across the US. Twitter has received baseless eviction notices and faced harassment from her according to the federal lawsuit. allegations come at a time of increased anxiety for families and immigrants tied to the surprise victory of Trump. The has called has threatened to deport millions and in the was accused of discriminating against at his real estate filed by the groups Public Counsel and Public covers five buildings with a total of 150 units in a gentrifying neighborhood that has historically been affordable to with a high concentration of and complaint alleged that director of construction and multifamily asset along with a number of his affiliated real estate have systematically targeted tenants protected by rent this new landlords are barred from raising rents beyond small annual increases and cannot evict them if they continue to pay but the laws stopped according to the complaint. the landlord who filed over 3,000 eviction notices Read an email to the strongly denied the allegations. take these allegations very seriously and categorically deny each and every such he said. He added that the lawsuit was filed proper analysis and and that the companies forward to working with the Plaintiff to educate them about the real facts and if need to exonerate ourselves at treated with respect at all stages of their he according to the property managers in the buildings allegedly filed a series of illegal eviction notices and have created hostile and threatening for landlords in one building allegedly told tenants that the new managers want to rent to people with mental that they should and that they belong in group the suit said. Landlords have additionally tenants that their food smells and and that the tenants need to learn to read since they are in according to court records. Twitter Tenants targeted for eviction have struggled to get management to address infestations of roaches and broken heaters and plumbing peeling mold and other maintenance according to the complaint. a practice that activists say is common for real estate investors who flip has also allegedly allowed for living in the apartments with rent control while freshly renovated units in good and sanitary condition to new tenants who are targeted for eviction have struggled to get management to address infestations of roaches and broken heaters and plumbing peeling mold and other maintenance according to the complaint. has advertised a in its marketing explicitly stating that it is focused on by investing in old buildings and renovating units they become attorney with Public said these kinds of campaigns against tenants are not is she adding that fears of racial discrimination have escalated since victory. before this our clients experienced this racism that threatened their ability to live in their Twitter a tenant with a has received numerous unlawful eviction the lawsuit alleged. a tenant who has a mental was chronically homeless before he moved in to the building in 2012. He has received more than a dozen eviction notices since purchased the property all of which were according to the completely he said. day of the week always manager allegedly told that the landlords to rid the building of persons with mental the suit he first moved he was a But he said the nonstop threats from management and the fear that he may be homeless again have taken a severe toll on his mental really destroyed my peace of mind. always angry or paranoid. You never know going to happen whose sons are ages five and said that she know how her family could find another affordable place if her landlord successfully pushes her out. would end up out on the on on via on on on on on this content

Trump scheduled a series of meetings with close allies and veterans this stoking speculation about his possible cabinet picks just as he did this when he polled crowds about his running mate and floated improbable names to the are Trump's attorney national security adviser and Read has weeks to decide nominations to head the powerful federal though have historically made most of their nominations in So far he has made three and his aides have leaked out a dozen possible names for other cabinet was named by Trump as nominee to lead the justice provoking immediate outrage from Democrats and civil rights groups. Sessions was rejected for confirmation as a federal judge in after testimony that he said the was until I found out they smoked and called a black attorney denied the A decade later he won election to a Senate seat in and in the 2016 campaign he became one of most ardent especially on you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept gays were in the immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the Senator Sessions is your Democratic representative said in a statement. If Sessions would succeed the first woman to serve as attorney Trump named representative Mike as his choice for director of the Like was an early supporter of and shares hawkish views with the candidate on surveillance and espionage. An army veteran and graduate of Law and West won a seat representing in and took on a leading role in the investigation into response to the 2012 attack on a US compound in The investigation found no wrongdoing by but faulted the he joined worked at Sentry a vendor of oil field and in 2012 published a Politico harassing the the oil billionaires whose company is based in and whose employees have given to according to the Center for Responsive security has named retired general a confidant who supports closer ties with a role as one of his top advisers on foreign policy. had a career that culminated in a job as head of the Defense Intelligence Agency. But in 2014 he was forced out of that reportedly because of his extremely hawkish views and chaotic headed a consulting firm with wealthy international met with and news organization claimed that of is and propagated fake news. As national security he would help Trump determine the direction of foreign policy and shape of the secretary of least seven names have been raised for secretary of the United chief diplomat and head of the state department. On in New Trump is due to meet Mitt the Republican nominee in 2012. accused Trump of fomenting racism and misogyny throughout the 2016 and repeatedly warned about the dangers of A friend of told he would probably not join with diplomatic posts said that disgraced general the former director of the is being considered for the position of secretary of state. nomination would prove in light of repeated accusation that endangered national security with her use of a private email server while secretary of state. pleaded guilty in 2015 to giving secrets to his with whom he was having an affair. He was sentenced to two probation and a fine of the secretary of state to visited Trump Tower on though the declined to endorse Trump during the campaign. Trump also met South governor who in called his proposed ban on entering the US but ultimately voted for him 11 months ambassador John and former New mayor two more reported have already been opposed by one Republican Rand and rank among the most hawkish members of the and in the latter said is in war. support for the invasion of and history with foreign wealth could prove a problem in confirmation member of Congress has been mooted for the position. Senator Bob chairman of the committee on foreign relations and a less hawkish than has said he is the for the position. He added that he considered himself unlikely to be a veteran of and campaign adviser for visited Trump Tower on and as on did congressman the chairman of the House financial services committee. Politico reported earlier this month that is a favorite for secretary of the despite pledge to the of consultants and security congressman Mike the chairman of the House homeland security told Politico that he was interested in taking over the sprawling agency responsible for the border and disaster management. Congressman John who oversees transportation for that is another reported unlikely are sheriff who lost this month and faces contempt charges in a racial discrimination and sheriff who has repeatedly suggested crackdowns on Protection has named a lobbyist who leads a group claiming to dispel of global as head of his transition team. He is also reportedly considering venture capitalist lobbyist Mike whose clients include oil and natural gas and lobbyist who was a deputy administrator for W names raised to lead the Pentagon are a former national security adviser to W and Tom a hawkish senator and veteran who earned notoriety and derision for a threatening letter to the leaders of a former has also been named by an anonymous source to Defense News as a possible Jersey governor a former prosecutor and early Trump is probably out of the running for the attorney general post. He was removed from transition reportedly by whose father was prosecuted by for tax evasion and witness House speaker Newt a prominent supporter throughout the has ruled himself out for a cabinet position. Retired neurosurgeon has also said he would not serve in citing his lack of government experience. endorsed Trump after dropping his own bid for on on via on on on on on this content

your mind back maybe to when you got your sex education. Was the information For me and it kind of ... of us learned about the female reproductive system and the risks of which is all valuable information. But so much more to our bodies than just sex so why is the education only about We should understand things like how urinary tract infections happen and how to avoid them. We should know not to use douches. And maybe childbirth and menopause be so scary if we had the right we made this last episode of Vagina Dispatches all about sex education. We wanted to discuss some of the things that are missing from the and also figure out why we know what we should. To do we sat down with some sex some friends and our Twitter Vagina what you learn in sex you so much for all of your support throughout this series. We received over 200 emails from people all around the world who connected with the videos and helped us understand ways to make them better. so grateful that you came on this journey with because we think this conversation is more important than on that one final if you please support our work by contributing or becoming a and Dispatches on on via on on on on on this content

I would like to express my gratitude to for reviving interest in my 2006 The Price of Admission. I have never met or spoken with and rare in this life to find such a selfless benefactor. Of I doubt he became and merely to boost my lagging but is Trump's at center of transition team drama Read book exposed a grubby secret of higher that the rich buy their underachieving way into elite universities with donations. It reported that New Jersey real estate developer had pledged to University not long before his son was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League which at the time accepted about one of every nine applicants. it only takes one out of also quoted administrators at high who described him as a student and expressed dismay at was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into a former official at the school in New told me. point did not warrant his SAT scores did not warrant it. We for there was no way this was going to happen. lo and was accepted. It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the and they did Twitter The behind the rise and a spokeswoman for said in an email on that that gift to was related to admission and always has been His and enormously generous and have donated over to hospitals and other charitable causes. was an excellent student in high school and graduated from with of 2003 class at also graduated with discoveries were an offshoot of my research for a chapter on donors. Somebody had slipped me a document I had long the membership list of Committee on University Resources. The university wooed more than 400 of its biggest givers and most promising prospects by putting them on this committee and inviting them to campus periodically to be dined and subjected to lectures by eminent idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate oil money consultants and heirs had gone to A disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased its standards for the offspring of wealthy began working through the poring over Who in and class reunion reports for family information. and were both on the committee. I had never heard of but their joint presence struck me as a sign that machine held the couple in especially fond clips showed that empire encompassed 25,000 New Jersey along with extensive industrial and retail space and undeveloped land. Unlike most of his fellow committee was not a man. He had graduated from New University. This eliminated the sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to leaving another likely his his sons and had both enrolled differed from his peers on the committee in another he had a criminal record. Five years after entered the elder pleaded guilty in 2004 to tax illegal campaign donations and retaliating against a witness. it the prosecutor in the case was recently ousted as the head of transition had hired a prostitute to seduce his who was cooperating with federal authorities. then had a videotape of the tryst sent to his sister. He was sentenced to two years in federal employee of Trump's writes open letter over antisemitism row Read completed my which justified my hunch. Of the tycoons on list which included people who were childless or too young to have offspring more than half had sent at least one child to the also decided that the relationship deserved special attention. Although the university often heralded big gifts in press releases or a bulletin in a classic example of a search of these outlets came up empty. seem eager to be publicly associated with looking into federal authorities had subpoenaed records of his charitable giving. I learned that in when was attending the school and starting to look at his father had pledged to to be paid in annual of also visited then and discussed funding a scholarship for and phoned a with whom I was on friendly terms. First I asked whether the gift played any role in admission. know we comment on individual he said. When I pressed he hung up. We spoken majored in government. Now the is poised to become the power behind the presidency. What he plans to and in what direction he and his will lead the are far more important than his high school on on via on on on on on this content

A company founded by a former senior figure at the the governing body of world reportedly received two payments days before failed bid to host the 2017 world championships and while it was also bidding for the 2020 it has said it had receipts from 2011 showing that payments went from Sports Investments an arm of the government to Sports a company founded by Papa a former marketing consultant at the and the son of the now disgraced former to evaporate in after rainy spectacular Read who was banned for life from track and field for corruption this denied acting in such a in 2014 when the Guardian revealed emails which appeared to show he had asked for in payments from in 2011. The Athletics Federation has also denied any wrongdoing by although prosecutors are believed to be bidding processes for all world championships awarded between 2009 and 2022 as part of their investigation into says it has evidence that a bank transfer for was carried out on 13 2011 from to with another put through on 7 four days before the vote to stage the 2017 World Athletics Championships went to years later was finally awarded the rights to host the 2019 championships after sending a letter to members of the pledging in sponsorship and television rights just minutes before the vote. The has insisted the practice of offering incentives complied with its bidding was unreachable for comment. The who is in hiding in is wanted by Interpol on charges of complicity in receiving aggravated and conspiracy in an group to conceal or convert the proceeds of active is a steep fall for a man who was once seen as an important if shadowy fixer in the corridors of power in world sport after he was appointed a global marketing consultant in 2007 and allowed to unilaterally tour the world for opportunities in emerging countries including and the in was this year was banned for life by the independent ethics committee over corruption and allegations linked to it dropped an investigation into allegations that were handed over on the eve of the 2017 saying it found no indication of any bribery nor any evidence to support claims that president Lord had voiced such was also apparently involved in a scheme to deliver to influential members of the International according to leaked emails seen by the who was president of the between 1999 and will return to court in on The who is accused of accepting more than in return for covering up positive drug risks going to jail having not paid his police investigation into both has also suggested huge amounts of cash changing hands in the Hotel in where stayed in a grace and apartment and Papa went on a huge shopping spree in for luxury on on via on on on on on this content

discussed everything from to cats on the so very much appreciate you getting involved and sharing your thoughts with us. You can continue the conversation in the comments and be back with another Guardian Social next week in the meantime you can email or with any feedback or things like to talk a great I know what to expect turning up in to write about cities trying to find alternatives to the car beyond the of blight and road will the US ever kick the car Read things are undeniable and hit you as soon as you enter the city but what I expected was how they could lead to something positive. A cyclist rides past a mural on the GM in Nick Van contact suggested I have a look at the deprived of east so I borrowed a bike and headed over. The the chicken the beauty salon more than half the high street stores along that section of Avenue were boarded some optimistically offered as A glance at the residential streets behind revealed row upon row of vacant my custom cycles in pictures Read also had a few hundred yards of something new in the City of and rare in the United States a protected bike poked around a then east across the invisible line into the wealthy suburb of The poverty stopped abruptly but so did the safe space for cyclists. That was the point when it hit me that problems had created something most cities have and wish they did space. I have room to include it in the finished article. Getting a letter through the post saying your child is obese is never going to be a comfortable experience. Weight is a sensitive and wants to feel their parenting style is being given that one in five children now leave primary school do local authorities have a duty to warn comments below the line on this piece are an interesting including this from actually know of any evidence the this to intervention is an effective one do kids getting letters have a lower incidence of obesity later on in life than a control group who have not received Has it ever been tested properly in a If it is quite possible that it has no or is even If the government were serious about childhood obesity they would focus on proven interventions at a population such as banning junk food heavy taxes on sugary drinks and the are your More of you are taking our quiz and doing rather well 18 2016 on the false news I didn't pay strict attention to how ill was when walking to her a go yourself you spot the fake US election news Read seems many of you have really been swatting up 18 2016 the fake news if it wasn't for reading real I would have probably fallen for one of the can't say 18 2016 although I would have fallen for the last one if I hadn't already read that it was false somewhere else. in a that Ford and Fisher had an affair on the set of Star Wars. After they played two of the most iconic characters in movie so in a way a bit like hearing that J Fox and got it on during the Back to the Future wrap party. sweet. But not read too much into any of this. It was a fleeting and over now. And thank goodness for that if Episode VII taught us anything at that a pregnancy can only ever end Fisher and does it matter if movie romances are Read more In the special Future Issue we wondered just how much the grim predictions of pop culture past got right about the future. Back To The A Space The The Who and 1984 all foretold a scary amount of stuff that actually came to but there was a lot we have room to get into the magazine. cars like those about in Total Recall without the robotic and Demolition Man are Star replicators inch ever closer with each advancement made in and the virtual reality of The Lawnmower Man and Red Dwarf is now within reach of anyone willing to fork out a grand or so. in 1990 film Total Recall. after we also talked about earlier what other cases are there of science fiction becoming everyday And are there any instances where predictions missed the 18 2016 a few years my commute was bout 4 hours a day either I didn't really mind it at the as I just slept on the way up and the journey on the way back was a good length of time to watch videos without too much disruption. I ultimately gave it up though as I was needing to work longer and longer hours and a 4 hour commute on top of that isn't was only when I gave it up did I how completely I had felt the whole time. That seemed normal to and it was only in not feeling that way did I how unhealthy it probably was. never go back to doing that as a unless things were absolutely dire given that the route in question is operated by it would have to be really dire to do that commute 18 2016 husband has a 2 and a quarter hour commute each from to Canary three days a week. He goes by train so his strategy is to sleep on the way mop up emails and doze on the way next door is often on the same trains and I know at least four others that do it on a regular basis The world is full of Trump lookalikes it seems the video team has put this clip together after the latest was shared widely on social media on ... a golden pheasant Further to that false news quiz we were interested to spot this announcement of the Oxford word of the year ... let the feed Oxford Dictionaries has declared to be its international word of the year. The use of the term has increased by around in 2016 compared to last year. Oxford Dictionaries explains that this is in the context of and the US presidential election. Last year's word of the year was try to keep a straight face of photo posted by The Guardian on 2016 at do you make of the and the a response to the 18 2016 the embarrassment. I actually fell for two of those ten stories in the quiz. Goes to nobody is immune to the pernicious effects of this propaganda. of it isn't propaganda. Learn the Why cats so popular on the Guardian staff 18 2016 the work so well because in real life they're so full of contempt for humans and so aloof own cat only thinks of me as a reasonably efficient food dispenser AT that capturing them unawares on camera looking daft is very much more so than dogs because you get the feeling dogs would be so happy that a picture of them looking silly made you happy. A new cat gallery everyday please or maybe a rolling Thanks in advance. The number of workers who commute daily for two hours or more has increased by a third in five a study shows. Research finds stagnant wages and soaring housing costs mean people are forced to get jobs further from home. I am keen to hear from readers who regularly spend a good few hours en route to the workplace. How do you Do you love What are your commuting Have you any valuable rules of commute of two hours reality for workers Read someone who gets the dreaded Northern line every I know how you do I quite the obsession with talking about how cats on the are a perfect match. But sometimes you just have to roll with Kittens caught in pictures Read from this gallery celebrating photographer new book most famous for his shots of dogs is seventh down in this gallery ... and right all hind legs and frog from the by

going for was my introduction to It was an inauspicious start. I was hoping for or at a push. can I I was young and never live past But here I lived in a room on Hermitage Road. It had a carpeted toilet mat around the won me over. It was the cabbages that did the running track at Park and regular Green its high is lined with incredible grocers selling cabbages the size of rugby balls and sweet treats that kept me going during the like when our flatmate moved in afford an actual so slept in the living room on a timeshare How has changed. Two decades I afford up and too far for though you could have a try. Its town houses are the word has been spotted. But those cabbages are still case against Getting pricey. But everywhere in Turnpike Lane and Manor House are on the 15-25 to central Green Lanes is on the Overground Gospel Oak to Barking currently closed for work until rail station runs to or Garden City not far from the North but at least 40 minutes into central the same to the and 30 to the all with the wind behind St Priory North and South are all says with Down Academy and Park View are out The magnificent one of north glories when it opened in 1899 and still glorious. You want for to buy is quite hugging Green Lanes. The to the west is the estate parallel streets of late and early terraces. five four three three two one of the week A needing east of Green with move West mention the B word Read the area has a slightly unkempt and wonderful food from all Park has fantastic like a people really do know each other. You hit a pram every Fields and the New River Path are hidden Live in Join the debate you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by 22 move to on on via on on on on on this content

who has been offered the job of attorney general in is known as one of the most and members of the Senate. He was born in 1946 in site of the start of the historic civil rights march to in in a rare his nomination by to be a federal judge was rejected by Congress after several attorneys testified that he had made racist comments. Sessions is Trump's choice for attorney reports say Read department official claimed Sessions had described respected civil rights campaigns the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People and the Civil Liberties Union as and his confirmation hearing Sessions did not help his cause by seeking to clarify his stance. He claimed he had never called the groups but said that they take positions that are considered They hurt they lose credibility. And many people do think that some of those positions they take are against the national interests of the United said he could not remember calling them commie group and a pinko but am loose with my tongue on and I may have said something similar to that or could be interpreted to H told congress Sessions had thought the was until I found out they smoked Sessions said he had been joking and that the comment was so ludicrous he could not think anyone would take him seriously. an also testified that Sessions had called him Sessions denied the claim. Reflecting on the hearings in Sessions said the allegations made were was not that was not accurate. Those were false charges using distortions of anything that I did. And it really was not. I never had those kinds of and I was caricatured in a way that was not he told at the time. Twitter Sessions alongside Trump during a national security meeting at Trump Tower in New last month. the memories linger. told the New Times on 16 that the prospect of Sessions as attorney general was a who has been a senator for for nearly 20 years after law in the has long campaigned for strict controls on immigration. Last year he wrote a report blaming immigration for job losses and welfare Immigration Handbook for the New Republican Majority argues for limiting work visas and firm control over entry and exit in the United Sessions the people have begged and pleaded for a just and lawful system of immigration that serves their interests but their demands are refused. For have been scorned and mocked by the elite denizens of and Wall Street for having legitimate concerns about how uncontrolled immigration impacts their police and retired army lieutenant has been offered the job of national security adviser. The was the only national security figure of his rank to publicly align himself with Trump and remained loyal to the businessman throughout his Trump gets his his administration will be disastrous Read other national security experts and denounced the took part in campaign rallies where he led chants against including those that called for her to be locked up. enemy camp in this case is said in during the general also delivered what was reported to be a speech at the Republican national where he lambasted speeches and his misguided which he said had the world to have no respect for or who in 2015 declared himself a registered held senior positions in the 18th Airborne at the joint chiefs of staff at the Pentagon and at US central which runs US military operations in the Middle East. He served as a top intelligence adviser to Gen in and Between 2012 and he ran the Intelligence Agency one of the highest positions a military intelligence officer can but his tenure was cut short over clashes with top administration officials. One of the people who played a leading role in departure was the director of national intelligence who announced his resignation on has since proven himself to be a controversial figure and public opponent of foreign policy. In his 2016 The Field of How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical and Its with the historian and former administration official he wrote that he is a devotee of political has come under fire for regularly appearing on television station and once attended a gala hosted by the sitting two places away from the He later said his bureau had arranged his trip to and that he saw no distinction between RT and other news outlets such as and Twitter gestures as he arrives at Trump Tower in New on 17. Drew was once opposed to and other banned extreme interrogation according to the in reference to previously stated openness to reinstating such he said he be reluctant to take options off the Asked by if he would support threat to kill the families of suspected he would have to see the circumstances of that an antisemitic post by a Trump supporter who mocked the blaming of hackers for leaked emails. The by a pseudonymous implicated. is to Not Not later deleted his and saying it was a mistake and that he had meant to link to an article on and the advised Trump on foreign policy throughout the course of the presidential campaign and was even to be on the shortlist for If picked as national security would oversee about 400 offered the job of has been the Republican representative for 4th congressional district since is a law graduate who represents the area in the House. He is a member of the conservative Tea Party movement and served as a representative on the Republican National originally backed for the nomination but later supported Trump following his victory in the primaries. have seen him make good decisions in his business his family life with his so I am excited for a commander in chief who fearlessly puts out in said of Trump in But he has not been afraid to the and when a 2005 tape emerged of Trump boasting of groping and kissing women without their called the comments offensive and a how do I tell my child the new president like Read a congressional candidate in had to personally for a tweet his campaign sent out promoting an article that called his opponent Raj an a who be a a a etc who His campaign also put up billboard ads encouraging people in the area to is a lifetime member of the National Rifle which endorsed him for Congress. He is also a hardliner on keen to ban it in all instances except where the life is at risk. He has also voted against the renewal of the Violence Against Women Act. He opposed closing and after a 2013 visit to the said of prisoners who were on hunger looked to me like a lot of them had put on was widely by Democrats and the Council on Relations for saying that clerics who did not properly chastise terrorists were in terror attacks. told the floor of the the most devastating terrorist attacks on in the last 20 years come overwhelmingly from people of a single and are performed in the name of that a special obligation falls on that leaders to respond. their silence has made most leaders across complicit in these is staunchly against the deal and in an for Fox News in wrote that the deal puts the US at increased risk. must act to change the he joining ran an oilfield supply and distribution company and has been a stalwart critic of the US Environmental Protection efforts to regulate carbon this year it was thought he would enter the race against US senator Jerry in the primaries but in the end he decided not to. 85 days remaining before the first votes are cast plus my especially consuming commitments to current duties on the the house intelligence committee and a new investigatory intelligence task force will preclude the kind of campaign that said in a This article was amended on 18 2016. An earlier version said incorrectly that Clapper was the on on via on on on on on this content

My husband and I are in our and have been together for 30 years. I cannot remember the last time we had sex it was at least four years ago. The last few he found it difficult and lost his erection. I know and I think I felt that maybe it was me somehow. The problem is that we have no intimacy at all. He has never been terribly demonstrative and I wonder if this is because his parents never but now we never never hold never cuddle. I have but it is very obvious that he want me near him he becomes stiff and awkward until I let go. At the every conversation we have turns into an argument at it seems better not to talk at all. Hence the idea of even starting to become close again is not something I feel I want to do. I see other couples our age holding hands and being affectionate even my who are now feel lonely. Our two children will soon both be gone. I often think about leaving but the reality is very difficult to think about. We have very little pension between us and our future depends on selling up and possibly buying somewhere smaller. If I were to leave we would both struggle for and I would certainly have no option of retiring from my which I find very stressful. We live as We share we do things as a family we eat together and share etc. We spend evenings together. We go out as a couple maybe once a year. I yearn for some love and affection from someone although I could go on as I when I think of the next 30 years or so without especially when my children have I feel very down. I know what to do. I know how to begin to leave him as I have nowhere to cannot afford to rent somewhere and want to leave our lovely house. I am going round in circles month after year after year goes by. I wish I could just have a break from him in the hope that we could then and make a new start. Some couples have or sex but a lot of and function well and are happy. Some couples have a great sex life but little else. The key is what both of you are happy and you are clearly not lack of intimacy seems to bother you the which surprising. Intimacy which a specialist in relationships once described to me as absolutely what was going on with the other is really about communication and that seems to be sorely lacking. Communication is hugely important in relationships. when a man loses his the partner it and then consulted a therapist who is such a common problem and usually it is disguising other major erectile dysfunction is not something to discount easily and be medically checked out in the first instance. Has your husband been to seen a I appreciate that it is a difficult subject for you to bring up with a man loses his the partner it and then retreats. What then tends to happen is people become more distant. They communicate and every conversation turns into an what may be happening if your partner fears erectile dysfunction is that he will fear physical closeness and you in turn interpret that as rejection. And so it goes parents not being overly affectionate with each other necessarily explain why your husband is like this. His generation tended not to be so Although we note that you say your parents are very affectionate together this may throw your own relationship into starker think it is very much worth trying to because you really think about splitting up if you tried as far as possible to fix this. I think therapy would really help either try your or find an accredited local therapist through the College of Sexual and Relationship Therapists site would be most beneficial if you could go to therapy but you make your husband go. I appreciate that even asking him to go may be too much at the moment you can have couples therapy on your own and he can join you or not at all. It would be amazingly beneficial for you to talk in a safe place this problem is nothing to be ashamed you and your husband need is communication and when you do eventually sit down and it will be amazing what comes out. I always think that seeing yourself through someone eyes can be incredibly or incredibly alienating. That is the but either way it is illuminating unless you want to spend the next 30 years in this dulled it is a process you have to go through. Good problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter on on via on on on on on this content

Who will become the next chair of the Democratic National This leadership contest has significant implications for the future of politics. The choice will help determine how the Democratic party responds to its extraordinary defeats in recent ending with the election of Trump. A new era is here West Read might think this overwhelming drubbing would cause the Democratic party to reorganize itself into a very different party from the one become which is essentially a giant too often reflecting the goals and values of the moneyed interests that make up the bulk of its funding. bet on it. For one many vested interests want the Democratic party to change. Most of the money it raises ends up in the pockets of political advertising consultants and advertisers many of whom have become rich off the current arrangement. They naturally want to keep the Democratic party apparatus is ingrown and entrenched. Like any old it only knows how to do what it has done for years. Its state and quadrennial national conventions are opportunities for insiders to meet old friends and for aspiring politicians to make contacts among the rich and powerful. Insiders and the rich going to happily relinquish their power and and hand them to outsiders and the Most who call themselves Democrats never hear from the Democratic party except when it asks for typically through mass mailings and recorded telephone calls in the months leading up to an election. The vast majority of Democrats know the name of the chair of the Democratic National Committee or of their state committee. Almost no registered Democrats have any idea how to go about electing their state Democratic chair or almost none have any influence over whom the next chair of the Democratic National Committee may be. We must rethink or will prevail Read have been a Democrat for 50 years I have even served in two Democratic administrations in including a stint in the cabinet and have run for the Democratic nomination for governor in one state yet I have never voted for the chair or of my state Democratic party. That means have had absolutely no say over who the chair of the Democratic National Committee will be. To tell you the I cared. And part of the problem. for that has cared. He basically ignored the Democratic National Committee during his starting his own organization called Organizing for It was originally intended to marshal support for the major initiatives he sought to achieve during his but morphed into a machine of its own. the party chairmanship has become a sinecure for politicians on their way up or not a position for a professional organizer. In subsequently became running mate in the 2016 left the chairmanship to for the Senate from The chair then went to a congresswoman who had bid for the Democratic nomination for president in 2008. This generated allegations in the 2016 race that the Democratic National Committee was siding with against Sanders allegations substantiated by leaks of emails from the So what we now have is a Democratic party that has been repudiated at the headed by a Democratic National Committee that has become irrelevant at run by a series of insider politicians. It has no deep or no capacity for mobilizing vast numbers of people to take any action other than donate no visibility between no ongoing activism. If it is to be relevant to the the Democratic party must be capable of organizing and mobilizing in opposition to Republican party turning millions of people into an activist army to peacefully resist what is about to happen by providing them with daily explanations of what is occurring in along with tasks that individuals and groups can do to stop or mitigate their harmful must harness the energies and idealism of young people across the nation who were drawn to campaign because of its promise to get big money out of reverse widening turn the wildly expensive and baroque complex into a reverse climate end the militarization of our police and the mass incarceration of our people and stop interminable and warfare. I am a Democrat in My party abandoned us Read it must create a coalition of and poor white and black and determined to wrest control of the economy back from an oligarchy of Wall Street corporate titans and billionaires who have used it for their own gain starting with the That means helping white people understand been conned by Trump into believing a and that their economic insecurities are due to a rigged game rather than to black and In other to become a credible force that wins elections and addresses what ails the Democratic party must no longer represent ruling class. It must be the voice of the dispossessed now the majority of The Democratic party will choose its new chair soon after the start of the year. So far the contestants include a former Representative President Labor Secretary Tom former Governor Martin and South Democratic party chair now and there will be a fierce struggle among the handful of contenders. I know who will but I do know the party must transform itself from a machine into a movement. That will be but not impossible. The times demand it. If the Democratic party fails in this it will be supplanted by another organization capable of doing so. elections on on via on on on on on this content

has reversed its decision to disable the accounts of customers who resold the new Pixel after a chorus of complaints over the imposition of a death for a minor company emailed users who had been noting that it had reviewed their appeals and their accounts. Users had been shut down after they were accused of taking advantage of tax loopholes to earn a profit reselling the phone. In the said it violations of our terms very and we ask that you review relevant terms and product policies to ensure that you understand It violations of our terms may lead to account bans were first reported on by the owner of site Deals. Multiple members of his forum had found their accounts after taken advantage of a deal involving shipping the phone to a reseller in New a US state with no sales who would then split the profit with them after the phone was sold scheme broke terms and and the company banned accounts which had ordered a Pixel phone to be shipped to the reseller the fact that the rule previously been enforced in similar situations involving the Nexus It even banned the account of one user which ordered a but was listed as the recovery account of an account which the scale of many of the banned users felt that the punishment fit the crime. not defending those who violated the terms of the but I do think it is heavy handed for to block access to all of their services for doing so. Was violating phone resale policy really worthy of an effective digital death users access their or uploaded they lost access to the photos stored in and any accounts linked to their email address as a password reset or login the initial reports of the emailed a of its identified a scheme in which consumers were asked to purchase Pixel devices on behalf of a who then marked up the cost of those devices in order to resell them to other customers. We prohibit the commercial resale of devices purchased through Project or the Store so everyone has an equal opportunity to purchase devices at a fair price. Many of the accounts suspended were created for the sole purpose of this company did not respond to multiple requests for comment from the but its letter to investigating the we are restoring access to genuine accounts for customers who are locked out of many services they rely is not the only company which is unrestrained in its use of the bans. Amazon has come under fire for similarly disproportionate in one case banning a user from its site and all its digital services simply for returning too many recommends that even those who think they may not be get in the habit of using the to perform weekly of their data. others have moved their email to private servers and other hosts in order to diversify their presence in case they ever run afoul of he on on via on on on on on this content

It took several and a little help from some dancing for Juju on that Beat to become a viral It started off as the Anthem in which kids had to replicate the dance moves performed in a video clip made by set to music that he had By the end of this everyone from in snapback caps to teenage girls in sumo suits had filmed themselves taking up the challenge. And it took Records just five days to turn Anthem into Juju on that a tune that could make both them and the creators a whole lot of which borrows its beat from Crime If You Buck and whose chorus is a series of playful dance was written in a few idle moments by and on that Juju on that its hook using a term the pair made up after taking inspiration from recently coined dance moves like the whip and nae nae. drop Hit aye Running man on that They uploaded the song to with an accompanying dance where it caught the attention of Fresh the a dance troupe from with an impressive social media following. Once their version of the dance began to gain junior followed suit with a video tweet that has since between more than 260,000 times. From the song and the challenge blew up. Twitter the short version. For young people who engage with viral trends on a daily to explain its trajectory in this way is completely unnecessary. For those who do the whole thing can sound like another language one that the music industry is scrambling to emailed and a few questions. Their answers were about as cheerfully brief as you might expect from a couple of teenagers with far better things to be doing. wrote it for they reply when I ask if the idea of becoming a viral was in their minds when the song came about. And I was more important in making it go the song or the are very In other they are not particularly interested in dissecting the intricacies of viral or something that they created for their own amusement. As far as and are it just business side the ability to take notice of and a type of which now moves faster than ever is down to the record label that snapped them up. When the pair were signed by the song was not even available to download. Within five days of them signing on the dotted it was up on It soon reached No 8 on the Billboard Hot and it is now slowly climbing the entering the Top 40 last startling are the the track with no uploaded by has had nearly while the official video has had nearly But the real proof of its reach lies in the challenge videos the dancing clowns have had more than a compilation of people dancing has had nearly a dancing to the track on the show has had views. Scores more videos have topped the mark. at the time of Juju on that Beat has had just short of plays on Twitter Juju on that Beat is the latest in a string of songs to have become in the last few years. such as Drop that went viral several years after the initial release. In that the sudden surge in popularity was down to a trend on Vine the recent demise of which may have lasting repercussions for the way spread. Then there is Watch Me the track that inspired the irreverence of Juju on that Beat. Like and it featured catchy lyrics and a and its video has had more than a billion views on The biggest such as Shake become recreated by sports teams and catchy lyrics and copyable dance moves were enough to spawn a record companies would have been able to churn out viral hit after viral hit. But it is not that simple. someone or some entity can crack that code and harness the power of says of Drake who has published articles on could unlock the ability to reach millions of people. Social media entities may be countering some of this with their new algorithms and methods of disseminating but viral information may be impossible to Black certainly has no idea why the song and video her mother paid a record label a modest sum to produce in late went viral. Aged 13 at the Black was thrust into a sea of vitriol and mockery peppered with the occasional show of enthusiasm for what was essentially a harmless in the space of just a few days. has now had more than views on and more than dislikes. For being part of a viral was never the intention. Nor was it an easy wave to ride. was just too young to really process she says. on a brave face and acting as if I was totally was the only way I knew how to cope with it. I can see now how tough it five distance from and a new single that holds its own among pop it seems was a wave worth riding. After unlikely that her banger The Great Divide would have had more than views in the past two months if it were not for her viral beginnings. Twitter It is an intangible formula that makes songs such as and Juju on that Beat catch on. If someone sets out with the intention of creating a viral they are often destined to fail. Social media users can sniff out corporate cynicism from a mile so as soon as brands jump on the the general population tends to jump off and move as is the case with Watch Me the process is not quite as organic as it seems. The success of one of the biggest viral hits of last year was at least partly down to a company named by The company is the brainchild of who spotted a gap in the viral market for third party that the individual artist and the In return for a percentage of an recruits its members to help make a song or dance video go viral and is completely upfront about it its website boasts of how it the gap between brand technology and the entertainment enlisted 50 of its members to create unofficial dance videos for Watch Me racking up views in a matter of months. The weekly streams nearly its sales tripled and was signed to Capitol for shrewd business acumen to amount to the source material had to be right. The company threw its support behind single because it knew it was on the brink of becoming viral anyway. And for every Watch Me has helped countless others have fallen by the wayside. After if the formula for could be would surely have bought a cellar full by and on on via on on on on on this content

Many years ago during a conversation with a I was asked why I went into research. I said I wanted to help people. His reply was a belly laugh. I was confused. I know that not open heart but my research looking at the causes of and treatments for mental health problems is still about helping dirty little been writing erotic novels to fund my Read am not alone in wanting my research to make things better. All researchers want their work to be useful and relevant of getting research funding is dependent on having not that simple. In my mental messages for the wider world often boil down to one of two suggestions. that service providers would benefit from additional or specialist training. that the government ought to invest more into treating mental health disorders. In both the answer is of but no The conversation often ends to say that research never has an impact. It does. The most widely cited example is the rate of smoking cessation in the over the past few decades. But of the many researchers who looked at that could accurately say what influence their individual study Shot in the so much pressure for academics to ensure that their work ends up in the right but how much pressure is there for policymakers to keep up to date about the latest findings in the areas they are responsible Very it how can we get our messages Despite the emphasis placed on the pathways are not clear. We are told to tweet our for instance. Notwithstanding issues about condensing complex and technical science into 140 if ever there was an example of a shot in the surely this is can email an in the hope that your message will spark a response more meaningful than the generic you for your stop playing to the cameras and get back to your labs Read talking about is lobbying or at least attempting to. There are several issues with this. For problem of access. for the recent talks about whether to introduce an additional tax on sugary drinks. Representatives from the drinks industry had a reported 130 meetings with policymakers during the process. simply not possible for academics to compete with that. But imagine that your your tweets emails do get read and you get through the door. The difference just it is the nature of the conversations themselves. Academics naturally tend towards caution and talking about predictions and probabilities. Professional on the other are free to talk about job negative impacts on the economy and losses of votes and so as if they are certainties. And this is against a backdrop of policy changes that attempt to restrict charities often fund even getting a foot in the if you can be you still need several other things to be in place in order to get results most crucial are political appetite and public support. These are beyond your brings me back to my chortling supervisor. He was I later because he had acknowledged a simple truth. for the most about helping people. Not at least. about the pursuit of knowledge. We do what we can to obtain knowledge and we do what we can to it out and we just have to keep our fingers crossed that it makes a the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education on on via on on on on on this content

In our era of rapid technological the connections we have to our urban landscapes are at real risk of being lost. The abundance of information available on a portable screen telling us where to what to do and who to meet mediates our relationship to the distancing us from its physical to some psychological reclaim some of what is being I propose walking in the night. This is not the public declaration of protest as commonly but a gently recalcitrant act against the confines of the daily grind. To venture into the of the night is to in a powerful and visceral a much broader world than that which exists during the years have seen lines drawn across many of our urban previously tangible city limits in stone or set in joined by invisible ones scanned by cameras. The digital of and other surveillance technologies ensures those same landscapes are recorded and classified almost out of at why our right to use public spaces after dark is under threat Read is not just cities that are but us too. Increasing demands on our attention skew and stretch time. Leisure time as indistinct from work time arguably one of finest constructs is being constantly sucked into an work emails penetrating outside office concentration required for our delivery lifestyles encroaching effortlessly into our evening and old crutch of recuperation and social as termed that the nocturnal hours used to provide is now little more than a worn down by instant and incessant epistles and the fear of missing out. Given the subtle changes being made to our as well as the constant demands on our it may be seriously questioned whether most of us have the time or inclination to engage with a sense of place anymore. But out there beyond our an habitat awaits us in the nocturnal city. Twitter restored stream has the inhabitants and visitors back in touch with go out walking into the night allows us to feel and connect with our surroundings in a profound way. As all of the photographs of a city taken from all points of view indefinitely complete one they will never equal in value that dimensional the city along whose streets one This is exactly the point of apparent that we can go and enjoy our urban landscape without recourse to purchase or the digital umbilical cord disconnected at least for a while. This is the city of the imagination laid over the topography of commerce and consumerism. Our bodies become translators between these two decoding and reinventing with each good wander unveils the wonder of a readers on urban walking Read equal importance to the reading of the city is the physiological our internal weather system increasingly attuned and tethered to our immediate surroundings. Out is the endless possibility of night stretching out in every in thoughts and emotions ebb and flow in response to the changing fabric of cities has featured in many fictional but it is an essential part of our lived experience too. Streets can become supernatural and even magical at can appear otherworldly and beyond any pressing social gilded by the glow of than being daunted by the penumbra of the built walking into the night can be a refractory act against the restraints of daily a means of dissipating the heft of familiar roles and responsibilities. Even in those parts of the city with the greatest light the absence of people can be a strange and exhilarating experience. This is when we are most able to engage all our senses with the city. Twitter our eyes are less the city Shams that is not to say you always need to be alone. On a short visit to a couple of years its permanent neon aura with jet led me down to the public park. This is a relatively recent development replacing the highway that once bifurcated the district and covered the original stream that ran well as fostering natural improving cooling of areas and increasing the uptake of public the park has put significant numbers of the inhabitants and visitors back in touch with darkness. And while some areas along the waterway were well considerable stretches were not. young elderly groups and solitary walkers from a broad demographic all wandered enjoying the night air and coursing water as it streamed past. labyrinth for the reliance on visual perception is overrated in the city. Many of us have experienced with other pedestrians who are focused on the device in their hand rather than the world around a situation exacerbated by headphones. This kind of retreat into oneself provides even greater delineation between the city and its lack of attention to the immediate environment is driven by the belief that we are being more productive by inhabiting two worlds at the same time. We are not. Instead we move about in relative neither fully engaged in the here and nor completely devoted to the matters that distracted us in the first place. Our slavishness to anything new is debilitating. Our desire to mediate the world through technology assumes we are able to successfully operate a dual existence in we do well to negotiate our way around each other on the pavement. So what if we leave all these virtual versions and engage with the Another question slides into how to make sense of any city let alone at when our reliance on the visual is at best if not completely Finding way around is essential but our understanding of cities does not always correlate to the descriptions offered by plans and cartography. describes this disorientation between the actual experience of the city and its many More than half a century Lynch undertook pioneering research on how individuals perceive and navigate in order to better understand such phenomena. His seminal The Image of the explained that people understood their built environment via cognitive maps that facilitated their recall of information from the urban landscape. Whether the contemporary city is equally legible is highly questionable. Twitter of cities at night are often dramatic and Courtesy complications arise when we transpose this mapping to the nocturnal which may resist familiarity and congruence. we may experience alarm and discomfort due to our on the visual during the day. Dark space is frequently perceived as the unnerving harbinger of the as Separating fear and darkness is no small especially given the depiction of cities at night whether fictional or is often dramatic and threatening. It is here we enter what defines as prosthetic This is a condition where the accumulation of surveillance technologies in our cities corresponds with heightened anxiety and is it possible to embrace darkness To do rethinking our perception of it as not merely being the absence of light may be important. is something positive about wrote Roger light space is eliminated by the materiality of darkness touches the individual envelops penetrates and even passes through him is undoubtedly a spatial yet it may also be understood as a temporal one. The architect Peter observes that our perception of atmosphere is having evolved through an advanced emotional every situation grants us time to make up our minds on whether or not we like something or we might be better heading off in the opposite emotional sensibility is further sharpened in the nocturnal city when our eyes are less dependable as a means to make sense of what surrounds us. the city itself transforms in simultaneously revealing and obscuring different elements as its architecture morphs and melds. At the entire city can become for new is these otherworldly qualities of the everyday environment cast into shadow that stir what the poet described as whole fauna of human drifting and luxuriating in the dimly lit zones of human as though plaiting thick tresses of City lights can you identify these world cities from Read city is full of opportunities to examine and elucidate. One of the considerable pleasures of is the personal character of to be engaged with at whatever duration and scale suits the individual. It opens up both the city and with another person at night gives the experience a shared and an implicit confessional structure. Walking whilst perhaps unnerving to begin provides the full spectrum of intuition and attention to be navigated. To walk in the city at night is to It is an escape from the interdictions of daily an exaltation of endless discovery and joy in being attuned and attentive to the immediate surroundings. In whichever of these ways appeals to before the sun rises the nocturnal city awaits the on on via on on on on on this content

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I am in the strange position of applying for a job I want. I work in a tiny team in a small company that is expanding and consequently our workload has increased so a senior position has been advertised in our team. The role includes responsibilities I do not want to take on as I want additional but the job description also includes areas in which I am acknowledged as being the company expert. a niche industry so these skills are not directly My boss is aware that I think some aspects of the job are within my skill but has advised me to apply anyway. I think this is a benchmarking but I have to accept that I would not be happy if the job went to someone I felt was less qualified than know how to approach the application and interview in these circumstances. How common are benchmarking interviews and what would you you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply on on via on on on on on this content

A prestigious college at the University of has refused to participate in a inquest into cultural attitudes of misogyny led by former sex discrimination commissioner St college will instead conduct its own internal whose results will be kept residential colleges have long been plagued with reports of scandal and which described as thorn in our in to determine sexual assault prevalence in universities Read this students at the College were condemned for producing a journal that shamed female students who had slept with the most while in 2009 students at St set up a Representative Council the St known for decades that colleges have an issue with but part of the problem is their insularity. When these institutions open to external the sexism inside them is allowed to go she review is a good but we need to remember that none of the recommendations will be binding to the colleges. This is why transparency is so university spokeswoman said had begun working with the remaining five residential colleges and had established a confidential email address for students to share their and her team advise they have been impressed by the openness and enthusiasm for the project and are confident about the long term she has previously led investigations into the treatment of women in the than signing up to the St has opted for workshops led by former students in a bid to reform its internal it is sessions would be run on the lines of the Good Lad workshops. The project manager of Good Lad said he with the college to conduct workshops that help start conversations around sexual masculinity and peer said he would have been happy for the workshops to be delivered alongside the review and that they aimed to establish a moral for male relationships with have an and intimate understanding of the issues unique to that environment and how to improve he said the workshops were a positive thing for colleges to think men do need on take on the responsibility of educating their peers about sexism and consent. As long as we keep shying away from women will keep getting colleges are independent of the university. The warden of St did not respond to Guardian request for but told Media the college had its liberty as a in deciding not to take part in the it was announced that Universities would commission a landmark nationwide survey into the prevalence of sexual assault on campuses. A survey of 1,926 University of students from May reported that one in four had experienced sexual harassment or but only of those reported the incident. and sexual on on via on on on on on this content

A bill to significantly amend government plans to revamp parliamentary boundaries will be debated in the Commons on with the MP putting forward the measure saying the scale of proposed changes is causing significant disquiet among government plan is to cut the number of from 650 to 600 and to reshape constituencies to make them all of a similar population the MP for North West who put forward response to the said the government appeared to be acting for party political purposes over the changes are designed to hurt us at next says MP Read parliamentary constituencies which receives its second reading on proposes keeping the number of at 650 and redrawing the constituencies based on newer electoral the government constituencies will be redrawn based on the 2015 voter but an estimated 2 million more people have registered to vote since many prompted to do so by the referendum. wants the electoral commissions of Wales and Northern to be given extra leeway in trying to shape constituencies around traditional boundaries. they must all be within of the average constituency population of around 75,000 electors and the changes would increase this leeway to the various boundary commissions have the power to change the initial outlined in they cannot take into account the 2 million extra electors or go more beyond the range of average population size for each who is standing down as an MP at the next said she had received an number of emails about the changes since introducing the bill in including one from a voter in saying the planned changes would our community in getting the ordinary people in places all over the country emailing Glass said. was really surprised how much attracting own seat would be reshaped into one called and Glass someone from the north of the constituency wanted to travel to a surgery in the south of the because of the way the communications run not if they came on public transport have to have an overnight stay. Clearly ludicrous. And the kind of thing being thrown said it seemed anomalous not to include the new voters in the shakeup. got a democracy in at general election and local fewer and fewer people but when people bother to register not even counting bill proposes changing how often a review of boundaries is required from every five years to 10 to allow to maintain a better link to their argues that reducing the number of makes no sense when the Commons is about to take on new responsibilities in the wake of The government has argued for the reduction on the grounds of something Glass is something wrong in a government which is seeking to reduce the elected house at the same time as it is creating 250 more she said. says about but reducing the House of Commons will save about Increasing the Lords by 250 is So whatever it is clearly not about reducing the cost of the minister for the said the bill was wrecking are opposing boundary reforms as they are paranoid that the leadership and Momentum will use the process to bully and them. But such infighting is not a reason to hold back an review by an independent and impartial of on on via on on on on on this content

meets Trump. Trump campaign manager told the media pool at Trump tower that the is the transition. just loving this role in a transactional used to delivering results and and so at his desk every taking the counsel of many different taking many different phone going through paperwork and discussing forming his cabinet and now his senior said. really enjoying Army lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor by according to the Associated citing a senior Trump transition official. The official did not tell the Associated Press whether had accepted the role or communications director for the Trump transition has released this statement in response to reports that the incoming administration has been considering a register for arriving in the Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their and to imply otherwise is completely national registry of foreign visitors from countries with high terrorism activity that was in place during the Bush and administrations gave intelligence and law enforcement communities additional tools to keep our country but the plans on releasing his own vetting policies after he is sworn Trump plans to launch a of the states that he won in last presidential election in next couple of according to a campaign aide a sentence we never thought be typing and yet here we working on a victory tour it will happen in the next couple of advance team told pool reporters at Trump Tower this afternoon. The while not fully planned at the will ferry the to the states that we won and the swing states we flipped Trump is taking credit for Ford Motor Company not moving a plant from to J. Trump got a call from my friend Bill Chairman of who advised me that he will be keeping the plant in no J. Trump worked hard with Bill Ford to keep the plant in I owed it to the great State of for their confidence in the Assembly Plant in employs roughly 4,500 people and was never put suggested by Ford to be at risk of outsourcing in the first place. In an interview with a spokesman for a Super defended comments he made during a Fox News interview in which he said internment camps could serve as a precedent for a registry of in the United no point did I ever even mention it was actually which I was actually talking about like immigration reform under Carter when he did the and then also under World War II with Japan and other many countries said. even talking about camps. brought it up and I was brought it but you did further to the New that it would be a precedent for a was precedent for continued. thing. I actually advocate for any of this. I bring it up. I was shocked when brought it up. I clarified to the New Times I you know this is something that is a huge black mark on our and we would never want to do it again. But you have to say that Supreme Court decision upholding it was never overturned. Should we overturn We should take a look at President has spoken out about fake news on and other media suggesting that it helped undermine the US political process. leaves a press conference with Chancellor we are not serious about facts and true and if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have he said during a press conference in the surprise election of Trump as has battled accusations that it has failed to stem the flow of misinformation on its network and that its business model leads to users becoming divided into polarized political echo said that we live in an age with much active that is very and looks the same whether on or on everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to protect. We know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and economies and prosperity that come to take for he comments come after Mark rejected the that fake news on the social network swayed voters in the US presidential election. in spite of analysis by that showed that fake news on the site outperformed real news in the to polling on fake have if we can't tell the difference Read more team has declared that Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their problem video from one year ago showing exactly that. we need to track all in should be a lot of beyond Trump told saying such policies would help to crack down on illegal immigrants. Asked how he would implement such a Trump camp claims he never called for registry despite video evidence Read more And just minutes after news broke that retired lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor in Yahoo News reports that ran a private consulting firm that offered source intelligence to international clients while he was receiving classified national security The full extent of overseas business is unclear. In the statement released by his said only that his which he described as a business intelligence has unnamed and domestic In a brief telephone a former Capitol Hill declined to specify the issues that the firm was hired to lobby Congress about on behalf of a firm based in and owned by the The lobbying disclosure statement filed with the Secretary of the Senate on Sept. 30 states only that firm advise client on domestic and foreign and congressional appropriations bills for the State Department. Retired Army lieutenant general has been offered the role of national security advisor by according to the Associated citing a senior Trump transition official did not tell the Associated Press whether had accepted the role or not. Retired Army Lieutenant General arrives to meet with Trump at Trump Tower in New City. Mike was the only national security figure of his rank to publicly align himself with Trump and remained loyal to the businessman throughout his other national security experts and denounced the took part in campaign rallies where he led chants against including those that called for her to be locked up. enemy camp in this case is said in during the general also delivered what was reported to be a speech at the Republican national where he lambasted speeches and his misguided which he said had the world to have no respect for or who in 2015 declared himself a registered held senior positions in the 18th Airborne at the joint chiefs of staff at the Pentagon and at US central which runs US military operations in the Middle has since proven himself to be a controversial figure and public opponent of foreign policy. In his 2016 The Field of How We Can Win the Global War Against Radical and Its with the historian and former administration official he wrote that he is a devotee of political has come under fire for regularly appearing on television station and once attended a gala hosted by the sitting two places away from the He later said his bureau had arranged his trip to and that he saw no distinction between RT and other news outlets such as and was once opposed to and other banned extreme interrogation according to the in reference to previously stated openness to reinstating such he said he be reluctant to take options off the Asked by if he would support threat to kill the families of suspected he would have to see the circumstances of that an antisemitic post by a Trump supporter who mocked the blaming of hackers for leaked emails. The by a pseudonymous implicated. is to Not Not later deleted his and saying it was a mistake and that he had meant to link to an article on and the also tweeted in that of is a tweet which was never of is please forward this to the truth fears no questions... 2016 was sleepy and stressed last morning when she boarded the which cuts through the affluent Queens neighborhood where Trump was raised. speaks during a protest on the University of campus against the election of Trump. Pat a she was concerned about the newly minted and his campaign promises that targeted immigrants and women. But it until an older white couple began yelling at 10 minutes into her weekly commute to her that the reality of set of what they were saying was telling me I wear it anymore and telling me to take it a student had heard some comments but experienced such aggressive harassment in New where like was born and raised. But the stream of verbal abuse forced her to confront a reality she had been trying to avoid that Trump had actually believe it until the moment this incident she said of victory. think I absorbed it and felt the reality of I I kept myself distracted all of and then happened and then it hits this is actually going on and it was not is one of several around the country who have spoken to the Guardian about life since victory. Trump won the keys to the White House following an incendiary campaign where he proposed a ban on said and promised a registry. secretary of state reportedly a key member of transition said on that the advisers are already considering the to the Southern Poverty Law Center the amount of hate crimes reported since election night has been unusually high as of the civil rights organization had tallied 437 incidents is the case even in seemingly places like New and in which has one of the largest concentrations of in the US. Civil rights groups there have reported an in harassment with one calling for a hate crime investigation after a woman in Arbor was allegedly forced to remove her by an unknown white man according to threatened to set her on fire with a another reported two men shoved an woman wearing a hooded commented on religion and asked you know in the traditionally liberal city of two alleged incidents of ethnic intimidation and religious bias in a week is said Detective of the Arbor police as a community that prides itself on its in national all those type of he said. for us to have two incidents that fit in this category is unusual and certainly the political climate that in right and New are home to some of the largest concentrations of in the US. But it is impossible to say with certainty how many there are in the country as the Census Bureau does not ask questions about faith. Estimates vary from as few as 3 million to as many as 8 million. Within that overall there is huge diversity in terms of religious identity and which renders any generalizations about the in in Trump's realities of presidency begin to sink in Read more Is it correct that Trump has advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their what he told News in last Trump certainly a database system tracking in the United the Republican told News on would certainly implement that. Trump said in in between campaign town should be a lot of beyond he added. should have a lot of asked whether would be legally obligated to sign into the Trump have to be they have to Trump was repeatedly asked to explain the difference between requiring to enter their information into a database and making people register in He responded four times by tell communications director for the Trump transition has released this statement in response to reports that the incoming administration has been considering a register for arriving in the Trump has never advocated for any registry or system that tracks individuals based on their and to imply otherwise is completely national registry of foreign visitors from countries with high terrorism activity that was in place during the Bush and administrations gave intelligence and law enforcement communities additional tools to keep our country but the plans on releasing his own vetting policies after he is sworn in. is the latest figure to speak out about fake news on and other media suggesting that it helped undermine the US political we are not serious about facts and true and if we discriminate between serious arguments and then we have he said during a press conference in the surprise election of Trump as has battled accusations that it has failed to stem the flow of misinformation on its network and that its business model leads to users becoming divided into polarized political echo said that we live in an age with much active that is very and looks the same whether on or on everything seems to be the same and no distinctions are then we know what to protect. We know what to fight for. And we can lose so much of what gained in terms of the kind of democratic freedoms and economies and prosperity that come to take for he on fake have if we can't tell the difference Read more

Young migrant children held in one of the most controversial detention in the US have been restricted from playing with crayons after staff members accused them of causing damage to property. The move has been branded as unnecessarily punitive by lawyers working on behalf of 600 mothers and children detained at the detention in might Trump's deportations look system that defies Read at is one of three federal facilities that holds migrant mothers and children. These family are one of the most controversial elements of the border protection which looks set to rapidly expand under the incoming Trump presidency. A spokeswoman for the Refugee and Immigrant Center for Education and Legal Services which provides pro legal support to detainees at said detention staff enforced the ban after accusing children of damaging a table as they drew inside the visitation last week. The damage is said to have occurred as some mothers were taking legal advice. In email correspondence seen by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement staff state the punishment was action resulting from crayons which have given children which has caused property damage to the The the global security company that operates the has made over from it since last according to local media reports. A spokesman for group said toys and books were provided to children in other sectors of the detention and the restriction only affected children playing in the visitors area. an adjunct professor at the University of and member said in a letter to ICE that the reaction was a color markings as of is altogether inappropriate. And such markings are a cost that comes with the detention of children. It is extremely disturbing that concern for property takes precedence over the well being of the children and their rights to legal she wrote. In an emailed one detained mother said banning her children from drawing with crayons was already having an adverse effect. are too young to read and if they just play can get too rowdy. We always want them with us because some of the things we share we want them to the mother said. ICE did not respond to a request for comment by on on via on on on on on this content

As this readers recommend guru said in selecting a get the have until on 21 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor and first time guru who posts in the comments as will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 24 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the on on via on on on on on this content

On the day I meet to talk about her role in Spike new which portrays as a war uptown is doing a pretty good impression of one itself. Five blocks of Fifth Avenue are on police After three nights of demonstrations have pushed up from Union Square through Midtown before reaching Trump Tower. Thousands of demonstrators are chanting our hates and too small to build a to a row of visored police officers bearing assault rifles. Dump trucks brimming with sand line two blocks in case of explosive am says of the election sitting in the back garden of the a bohemian hangout in serving teas. She has just got back to New from South her home where she voted. saw so much red on that and felt just overwhelmingly she Spike Lee's angry and very sexy midlife masterpiece Read a kilowatt smile that seems to add another foot to her height on is an effervescent A graduate of she had appeared in a handful of and film roles most notably as Don secretary in Mad Men when her turn in the breakout Dear White People caught Spike eye. He took her out to and a few days later emailed her a with a note that all it she recalls. She found herself flipping through pages of all in rhyming spoken by characters she from comedy which she had worked on at was is going This is Spike it was released in the US earlier this was seen by critics as a bawdy return to form for the It transplants the action of play to the south side of where distressed by escalating gang hatches a all the women in the community will withhold sex from their menfolk until the killing stops. no they chant. a breakout role for staring down the swinging her like Foxy a bombshell in whose exercise in education brings the to its knees. Twitter in almost felt like a superhero to says the whose South manners be more different from her street sass. For the climactic battle between and her staged on a big double outfit consisted of little more than a braided rope. never been that scantily clad in any of the work she admits. even found herself asking the wardrobe to help you you could add a little bit more fabric here and there is a woman who navigates the world very differently to she says. comfortable with and comfortable using everything not just her body to help effect change. But she had to put together a plan. very and she comes from an and look like what we typically imagine the leader of a movement to look like. So it was amazing to tell her and to be so bold and heavy dose of sexual realpolitik renders all the more startling an incident that occurred during when having tea at with was approached by an elderly white man referring to her that yours or an she replied and turned to resume her told the manager he should have the waitresses wear that hair because said the saying I like all you had to say. You like turned back to her friends once more only to then feel the man reaching out to grab her hair. he his daughter now clearly uncomfortable tweeting about the she was shocked by the backlash it provoked. think the shocking part is it happens all the she says. not an isolated incident for me. When you get you just seem like an angry black and standing there offended that offended that they felt that they could come into your personal space. frustrating on so many up in a house with two she was the princess of the house. Bossy. Big A tomboy who played softball and wrestled with her she also loved beauty entering one aged eight. they do you want to be when you grow I want to be a model and an They I I can look good and get paid to do the kind of kid I an electrician at a nuclear drove her up the coast to New to audition for multiple reaching in a snowstorm. Graduating from the prestigious acting academy four years she landed a small role in L How Do You and appeared on in John A Free Man of with Wright and Mos Def. soon as the last curtain call was I flew to LA. I went for three months to get away from the New cold. I was going for three months. I wanted to go to LA and see what that would book a show real quick. You know. Me and these big Twitter As Dawn Chambers in Mad Men. happened for a year no no nothing. Staying with relatives in South she shared a room with her sleeping on a She even have the money to return to New was she recalls. I used that time. What I ended up doing was really connecting to who I was as a outside of this industry. A sense of release is what that time ended up turning into. And as soon as I let it all Mad Men came took the role as Don Dawn thinking it was a work. They had her back. And again. I who she maybe the third time they had me come I was This is a really important character Then being able to grow with the and be a part of the fabric of that was really something. What that character meant to that being the first to integrate the that was and it was exciting to play that to be able to tell her films matter how cinema fought back against Read to New a few months ago from shooting Remorse for in she found her possessions scattered to the four some of it still in storage in some of it still in South During her trip there to her dad asked her if he could send her stuff to her. She told You have the family put it in the attic. You have to keep baby Dad. an unwritten rule that it stays in the family just sort through it so I can get it spent a day sorting through her stuff in the attic. looking through old things of and there was this binder from when I was 14 years old. It is essentially a dream board. It is a school binder that I had put magazine clippings on. It a picture of a picture of I was obsessed with both of them. This was on when I went home. I saw and I was almost brought to tears because me saw this for myself. Saw being able to pursue this dream. For it to just floored and so on on via on on on on on this content

has made her first public appearance since conceding the election to Trump a week challenging supporters to continue the fight for a country that is inclusive and will admit coming here tonight the easiest thing for told the audience in on night. have been a few times this past week when all wanted to do was just to curl up with a good book or our dogs and never leave the house ever Trump renews war with media as transition chaos continues Read was scheduled to appear at the event a gala for the Defense where she began her career more than four decades ago before her stunning defeat. The Wright a longtime introduced to the predominantly female audience as noting that she was leading the popular vote by more than 1 million know that over the past week a lot of people have asked themselves whether is the country we thought it said. divisions laid bare by this election run deep. listen to me when I say is worth it. Our children are worth it. Believe in our country and fight for our values and ever give up. words of often repeated by President arc of the moral universe is long but it bends toward I know sometimes it can feel awfully long believe I know. But I also know it does chose to honor the commitment to address the an aide describing the event as a In as a law heard speak at University and approached her to inquire about an internship. said the organization had no money to hire but if she could find a she was she said on has always been able to figure out how to get done whatever had to be Twitter receives a standing ovation at the Defense Fund gala at the in Chip invoked her late whose resilience in the face of a difficult childhood was a central part of her message on the campaign dream of going up to her and taking her in my arms and look at me and listen. You will her voice wavering. will have a family of your own three children. And as hard as it might be to your daughter will grow up to be a United States represent our country as secretary of state and win more than 62 million votes for president of the United spoke shortly after her rival for the Democratic vehemently denied claims that he had contributed to her a letter to the New a professor of government and sociology at claimed campaign had been undermined by Sanders during a bruising primary refusal to concede in a timely way as won many millions more votes and his constant harping that she was furthered message and contributed to the catastrophic Sanders told an audience at a Politics and Prose event at University on campaign brought millions of people into the I suspect the overwhelming majority of whom ended up voting for emails from campaign chair John published by Sanders say the very the National was not a neutral force in the campaign and we had to take on virtually the entire Democratic establishment. Do I think our campaign in a sense made a better I the end of the primary he was against the Keystone pipeline and Trans Pacific Partnership trade deal and supported free college tuition. The Democratic platform is now the in US Sanders losing the Sanders received 18,183 votes on election day in according to its secretary of putting him third behind and Trump with nearly of the Sanders was appointed to a junior role in the Senate leadership responsible for outreach. During his part of a book he said the party should move away from centrist you go out and raise substantial amounts of money from the wealthy and Wall Street and other powerful special interests and then convince the people that you are on the side of workers and the middle or do you finally have to say that we are going to take on the we are going to take on Wall Street and the drug companies and the insurance companies and the corporate and we are going to bring millions of people together to create a very different type of party than currently That is a fundamental difference that exists between Bill and and and urge Democrats to rebuild party after election defeat Read like beat in states such as and said Senate Democrats would be willing to work with the new president on economic issues that benefit working families. the end of the campaign he was actually using the term that many Democrats use. He was saying that he was going to be the champion of the working class. we have a list of everything that you and we are going to hold you to Sanders vowed to oppose earning a huge cheer from the many of them students. He called on Trump to rescind his appointment of of the News as chief president of the United States should not have a racist at his side. elections on on via on on on on on this content

Air pollution has risen by in in five years with cities in the developing world worst according to the WHO. We want to explore its impact on the daily lives of people around the world. If you live in a city that is affected by toxic air or you work in air quality like to hear from capital was effectively shut down due to air after it registered its first ever red alert for air quality. A similar situation occurred in in where the threat to citizens from smog was judged so great that traffic was power stations closed and diesel generators suspended. Schools were also closed in after a blanket of smog was blamed for a string of deaths. Air quality in is among the worst in and is illegally in breach of limits. From to to the air in cities has deteriorated so much that it is often no longer safe to breathe. air pollution like where you live and how has it impacted your daily What are your or your city government doing to improve air If measures against pollution are being implemented in your what do you think about We also want to hear from those whose job it is to tackle air pollution. Whichever city in the world you live please share your experiences and any photographs in the form below. If like to send please email be using your responses in our air we on on via on on on on on this content

Hello and welcome to this Money Talks a roundup of the biggest stories and some things you may have on whiplash claims could knock off car insurance websites like say renters feel unlikely to buy home in next five and cut up to three pence off petrol and diesel exit fees capped at moves step closer to restricting second home texts and emails a how payday loan firms hound can clubbing together lower your energy Twitter schemes could lead to lower gas bills. in former toll houses Twitter This cottage in enjoys a view of the estuary and sea beyond. the countdown to is under way and retailers have unveiled their list of top toys. We look at where to get them at the best price and find one that is already sold out. And if you prefer to let them choose their own we have a guide to the small print to beware of when buying vouchers. Twitter The Elite is predicted to be one of the top toys of 2016. use every excuse in the book to avoid my travel insurance a window to return clothes from Nectar luggage payment to landed up in you need to send money overseas get expert competitive exchange rates and free transfers from the Guardian money transfer provided by Make sure your holidays are covered for a whole year with the annual travel provided by on on via on on on on on this content

Here is this tunes picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the week our collective sought out some tunes that praised the most necessary and fundamental of all the fruits of our toils. I want to prelude the with a few words from poet famed for his cheese ever lyrical in his praise of a treasured dairy product. The ancient poets did was land of imagined it could this cold land of ice and everything did solid hoped or looked for cheese. Twitter The we meet the man thanks to the 1966 we can traversing the fields with his ... exactly is it that he is we might Next we celebrate watermelon of I am there are with the Lovely Eggs perhaps what the White Stripes would have been like had they come from Little Feat make the cut with Down on the next mainly because of the frog at the start of the song and the fine groove that follows the silencing of the little was hoping someone would dig up the Down on Farm sure disappointed. The banjo plucking on this is a thing of simple beauty and the lyrics though telling of hard times spry and lively. trio take us to the old time as we try to follow the are those jazz sprouts we see on sale some bebop takes the money and opens the Mushroom winning his place mainly due to the presence in the video of a guitar when as it is with a is something I find irresistible. The sign of someone who knows a characterful guitar when he hears up Arrogant Worms take us to the darker side of farming with Carrot Juice is Murder. Something to ponder there. L did experiments looking into the pain tomatoes feel who can that even vegetarianism is without like our introductory celebrate all things cheesy with Why is it always their play on Why Does it Always Rain on a good but I help but feel that the presence in our shops of small triangles of dairy delight may well be a true indicator of just how we really are. as nominator fact that one of the band derives his nickname from an animal byproduct is known as has to be a celebrate hipster name derives from the they from the to your dinner every mouthful is history and culture on a fork if you linking with the and joining together poverty and pretentiousness in one fell up the rear is a different kind of thanks to Spinal Tap we can celebrate food not only for the stomach but also for the loins with Sex Farm and with that I shall leave you to the furrow of your choice enjoy these tunes as much as I how to join new theme will be announced at on 17 You have until on 21 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and on on via on on on on on this content

The victory of Trump in this US presidential election sparked a debate about the impact of the sharing of fake and misleading news on the final and how fake news helped Trump win a real election Read put together some of the false election stories that were widely shared by search engines or on social media alongside some events that did actually happen. Can you distinguish fact from Trump won the popular vote in the US election by 700,000 votes True False Trump won the but he is trailing in the popular vote. But on 14 the first entry in news category was a post from a site called Its election 2016 Trump won both popular and Electoral College Votes An agent suspected in email leaks found dead in an apparent True False This story was circulated widely on on 5th. The only The Guardian doesn't exist as a newspaper. The domain was first registered in as journalists at the Post are keen to point out Trump once claimed climate change was a hoax created by China True Trump has since denied he said though his Twitter account tells a different story. Trump has also attempted to roll back on his climate change comments by saying they were a but he campaigned for the White House on a platform of climate change False News chairman K. appointed chief White House strategist for Trump True afraid so. False stumbled while leaving memorial event raising concerns about her health True The caught on fanned the flames various conspiracy theories about health. The Democratic presidential candidate's doctor later released a statement revealing had been diagnosed with pneumonia False Pope backed Trump for the White House True False Pope did not back Trump for the White House. But at the time of news such as 5 News are still preaching this line with decent exposure. According to similar fantasy the pope previously backed... In told would like to see people like Trump run for office. They're and can't be True False A website called was one of several to repeat this which picked up hundreds of thousands of shares. The was the release of paid speeches. The quote was entirely fabricated Trump was born in True False Clearly a riff on Trump's support for the the false story that Trump was in fact born made its way albeit with a pinch of salt to one television network backed has hired more more than anyone I know in the True False page has racked up almost 5 million likes. This shared by tens of was entirely fabricated. Other recent News stories include the suppositions that has declared martial law and West is leaving the country because of Trump's election In a 1998 People Trump I were to run as a Republican. They're the dumbest group of voters in the country. They believe anything on Fox News. I could lie and they'd still eat it up. I bet my numbers would be True False This has been drifting across the since Trump's campaign to become Republican Presidential nominee gained traction in but despite thousands of the interview and resulting quote never happened. You your friends Share on Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on Share on Share on Share on Share on Messenger Close Submit on on via on on on on on this content

When a inquiry ruled last week that austerity policies amount to a of disabled it was talking about people like has and complex mental health and for the last years lived the reality of Conservative cuts. First came the bedroom taking with it a week. Then she was told her lifetime disability benefit would be scrapped. And as the latest cruel received sickness benefits since 2012 has been declared for get over one thing and then another she says quietly. first spoke to in six months after the bedroom tax was brought in. It had been years since she had been well enough to earn a wage before she worked in her late shop and then lived off some savings and scraping by on benefits was always hard. The evidence of that was all around her then and still is today. no oven or microwave in kitchen. No freezer she got rid of that to save money. When her washing machine she afford to replace it not even with a it was the bedroom tax that for the first time in her was pushed into debt. With her savings gone and struggling to pay the by 2013 she had six months of rent as well as for and austerity policies to violations of disabled people's Read be able to eat and have some heating through the had to sell she inherited from her a couple of a gold sovereign. awful. All she when we talk again this week. sometimes wonder what think. But you have to had to work hard to survive. When we last spoke in the stress of the bedroom tax stacked on top of her agoraphobia was making it even harder for her to leave her but over the last few years managed to start volunteering at her local charity shop feel safe because she In she is now half way into a Open University law still in debt but found charity grants to help her ward off the utility companies. Other charities helped with the smallest of a new mattress had a big spring coming she some carpet for the bare at a washing machine. got a television again now she says. given it up but you have to have she finally broke free from the bedroom council agreed to write off her rent arrears and this summer her housing association found her a flat to which she could downsize. But as hundreds of thousands of disabled people just like the scale of the attack on disability support means as you get one bit of social security the odds are that the government will just pull another that happened this month when the Department for Work and Pensions informed her that after four years no longer be receiving her sickness employment and support allowance The told her she neither turned up for a for nor filled in the form explaining her absence. In says she received neither letter and even been told when her medical would now been sent to sign on for allowance. forcing an agoraphobic not only to look for work but get on a bus and sit in a first time I was almost in she says. You get over one thing and then another hits. appealing her for ruling as she waits for the her get paid until next how this system works. The has given her one hardship loan to get her through until then knock off a week from her benefit for the privilege but the loan came in last and running out fast. Food is her priority. That and topping up the electricity a couple of pounds a day. want to put a tenner on it because I might need that for the bus to get to the she mental health problems mean she eat solid foods she has a fear of being sick and she lives off eight protein and nutrition drinks a day. expensive on a low let alone no income at a a week. She go to a food bank. Even if they gave her she has no cooker or microwave to heat it. been phoning everyone she can think of for help the the her one does crisis loans any she utility company has let her have a card for gas but not so she is rationing the light. The electricity is on a meter with a weekly fee of when everything costs more and the money racks up whether she uses it or not. be by she disability living allowance come in for another fortnight. been told her lifetime award will end soon and need to be tested for personal independence payments. another hurdle to she I got an email from won her appeal and will be put back on Except no date for when the money will come she just hopes As a symbol of the sadistic futility of in the a disabled woman is left with nothing to live the bedroom tax this she says. all made me feel like benefit claimants on on via on on on on on this content

Most professionals are not getting a good return on their investment of time and money when attending networking is because people have entirely different objectives when it comes to networking. Most events are mixing bowls for professionals who are there for different whether it be signing up a new meeting prospective creating awareness for their or connecting with someone in the hopes of developing a mutually beneficial of your networking your level of success will be tied directly to your ability to interact with other professionals who have similar have very little control when we attend networking events by others. We usually know who will be there and when we we be certain connect with the people who would be most useful for us to meet. This leads to results that are unpredictable at Perhaps you're doing it wrong Read on activities where you have more control over the various inputs will almost always yield a better and more predictable return on investment. Hosting your own events is a great way to deepen your existing while also providing an opportunity to make and develop new are a few alternatives to consider in place of the next networking event you were planning to have hosted a few hundred where I provide a forum for six to 12 members of my network to meet and exchange key to hosting a successful lunch lies in the selection of the restaurant and the attendees. want to select a restaurant that can accommodate paying separately and has a private dining room. allows you to search for private rooms in your When inviting focus on professionals who have similar roles and are in complementary the make sure everyone has an opportunity to introduce their current areas of focus and anything they could use help a each of your guests will leave with new connections and a desire to help you for making this started hosting dinners in 2013 to connect successful entrepreneurs in his puts a lot of emphasis on selecting the right attendees for each event and offers great advice in his Mastermind it all to your business contacts Read ensures there is at least one commonality among all guests and avoids inviting people at opposite ends of experience invite someone who recently started their first venture to join a group of running He also identifies something at least two of his guests have in common not particularly common and will arrange seating to increase the likelihood of it coming up over the course of the was so effective at creating value for people in his that this became his work. He now runs the a conference for tasting you have a business with existing client hosting client appreciation events is one of the best ways to meet ideal prospective clients. A few years I started hosting wine tasting events on a quarterly basis. I wanted to do something for my existing clients that I knew they would enjoy. I asked my clients strategic to bring someone they thought would be good for me to meet. I assured them there would be no sales you have to sell because your clients will do the selling for became commonplace for at least of the to reach out to me after the event to learn more about my firm and how I could help if you end up with a single new your existing clients will have had a nice night met some cool new and shared the experience with the person they invited all thanks to existing of going to networking events with the intention of meeting new consider checking in with some of your existing connections. Have you properly followed up with the promising contacts you have made over the past year five Have you maintained your relationships with strategic partners and of I regularly email members of my network to ask them about the number one challenge or what focused on achieving right now. Their responses will put you in a position to be a great resource for and when you can you will often be creating an opportunity for someone else in your network. Whatever you avoid can I This vague question puts pressure on the recipient to figure out what you can do to help which usually leads to them not responding to your ... networking can happen at any time of the and in some you even have to leave your house. My definition of networking is activity that increases the value of your network the value you contribute to Proper networking is about building new relationships and deepening your existing ones. You have to follow traditional or even go to to successfully build and maintain a valuable network. Sign up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your Small Business for on on via on on on on on this content

I booked flights through the Nectar website and paid for hold luggage for our family of five. At the airport we were told I booked any hold luggage. customer services desk suggested that this happens a lot when people book through Nectar. I had to pay for the five bags with the reassurance be able to claim the money back on my Nectar refuses to pay. It says that my confirmation email show that baggage had been paid for. it But neither did it state baggage which an confirmation normally in its interests to say as little as possible on confirmation emails and I have no control over what they choose to specify. My return boarding on the other does declare that paid for hold luggage even though there was no record of this when we flew so I had to fork out yet again. claims that your predicament is rare and while hold baggage was added to your original it was not transferred on to its system. when alerted by suddenly discovers that you did pay for the luggage after all. It says it is investigating how this could have after weeks of it do phoning twice in an transferring the money to your account and donating 5,000 Nectar points to soothe your feelings. It would be interesting to know if airline staff are right and this is a frequent pitfall with Nectar you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with on on via on on on on on this content

has used a summit on reducing greenhouse gas emissions to lobby the US energy minister in support of the development of one of the largest by the environment and energy Josh at the won the of the announced daily by the Climate Action Network to the countries that perform the worst at climate the fossil of the day the activists ratified the agreement last so lobbying for coal expansion at the United Nations climate negotiations is an ugly thing to be doing. Shape the Climate Potato in the truth about fossil fuel lobbyists First Dog on the Moon Read said he raised concerns with the US energy that Democratic party colleagues were associated with US activists who were trying to stop in the mine goes it would be the biggest in and one of the biggest in the world. The annual emissions from burning the coal it produces would be similar to that of the whole of or and more than New it was revealed that among the funders of one activist the Sunrise was the charitable the Sunrise Project had been involved in campaigns to try to stop and port expansions going revelations came from hacked emails of campaign John released by They show was made aware of some of the Sunrise leaked emails reignited a campaign against the charitable status of environment report in the newspaper is a key target in a war against coal which has set a priority of shutting out of paper said in an should decide what mining projects are opened up in this country and the circumstances in which they authority rests with democratically elected representatives and established government processes. It does not belong with overseas governments prospective US presidents or their meddling international activists or local vigilante litigants funded by took up this issue directly with the reported. A spokesperson for told Guardian issue was raised by with noted the issue raised concerns in and reiterated that had a very effective environmental approvals process and that a large amount of conditions attached to the mine climate US accepts petition calling for fossil fuel lobbyists to be excluded Read the email leaks in head of the Sunrise John told Guardian he was surprised the emails were considered newsworthy and said the and the Minerals Council of were acting saying that we need to guard our sovereignty from environmental when the mining in is he said. put if not of millions of dollars into a massive public relations machine that is sustained and ongoing over time. They have incredible influence and revolving doors between the highest levels of politics and their lobby international mining companies dropped into a campaign to prevent a new tax on their industry in doing a prime minister. And that is the big issue in terms of national climate change conference gas climate on on via on on on on on this content

The introduction of a winter break in football appears further away than ever after talks across the game over fixture congestion broke leaving the Football League and the Football Association at loggerheads over the had said at the start of the season it was taking the initiative by proposing a Whole Game Solution that would involve the expansion of the league to take in eight new clubs and a into four divisions of 20 teams. It proposed to consult on the plans with some of which were concerned about potential lost plans were designed to provoke a discussion with the Premier League and the FA that could ultimately lead to the introduction of a winter break. But on the abruptly abandoned its saying that the unwillingness to consider moving FA Cup matches to midweek in rounds four and five to free up more weekends had made the plan a result of the the board has been left with no option but to end the Whole Game Solution discussions in its current it is no longer viable. If the weekend slots are not then there is simply no way we can meet the financial conditions be no worse as outlined at the very the chief stance the FA has adopted has brought the discussions to a premature before fully understanding what the financial outcome from the creation of a new distribution model could FA recently announced a new overseas deal for the FA Cup that guarantees over that period and which the chief Martin said would be to the finances. As a condition of the deal it promised to keep FA Cup matches on but remains open to further negotiation over FA immediately hit saying it was still open to discussions over fixture congestion. emailed last week to say that he did not see in the highlighting the economic of weekend FA Cup ties. Insiders said it had never indicated that it might be willing to give up weekend FA Cup ties and were surprised by the sudden decision to abandon FA remains fully committed to working with the and the Premier League to address the issue of fixture congestion in the professional an FA spokesman said. is why we are trialling the removal of replays in the FA Cup this season and why we supported the in consulting on its innovative ideas for reform. That commitment talks over potential expansion stall due to disagreements with FA Read told the Observer this month that the weekend slots must stay sacrosanct but that he remained a solution could be found that would allow for the introduction of a winter break which could be to the benefit of both England and Premier League clubs in movement on the issue now appears dead in the with the convinced a winter break would be impossible without the FA giving ground on weekend FA Cup ties. It already faced a struggle to convince its own clubs of the merits of the which would have required a majority at the annual meeting next on on via on on on on on this content

A couple says their home is contaminated with dangerously high levels of radioactive waste left over from the US second world atomic weapons a lawsuit filed in the St County circuit court on and Mike of say dust samples collected from their kitchen and basement were found to contain the radioactive element at levels about 200 times higher than normal levels. In a move they hope shines a light on the continuing impact of the early nuclear weapons program on their the named nine companies in their lawsuit that they say are responsible for decades of negligence that led to the contamination of their how became a millionaire's enclave Read stress my husband and I have been under is equally said of the test results from her home afternoon. was sad. Shocking. I had a good cry. After that I was pissed as hell and ready to attorneys said the test result documents would not be immediately and that the analysis was carried out by a researcher in conjunction with a private laboratory in city of St played a lesser known role in the US push to develop the first atomic weapons in the a program called the Project that continues to plague thousands of residents here. For the city hosted a plant where raw uranium ore from the went through the initial stages of purification. A plot of land near St airport became a dumping ground for the radioactive waste from that and eventually a haphazard storage site for other radioactive waste including 60 tons of radioactive sands captured from near the end of the the end of the second world the private and public entities responsible for the waste merged and passed off culpability for St radioactive legacy. The waste was moved and dumped around the region at a still unknown prominent case is that of a tributary of the River that flows through St northern suburbs and is known to have been contaminated by radioactive nuclear weapons waste. Last the US army corps of engineers which has assumed responsibility for cleaning up most of the contaminated sites confirmed it had found in residential and public property along the study this year found dust and dirt samples collected around north St County contained levels of a radioactive lead higher than the Department of threshold for exposure to low levels of radiation is linked to higher rates of according to the Environmental Protection Agency A nonscientific survey of current and former residents of the area found that nearly a third of 3,300 respondents reported including 43 cases of appendix cancer a disease so rare that fewer than 1,000 cases are expected in the United States each year. A 2014 study by department of health and senior services found elevated rates of cancer and autoimmune diseases in zip codes near known contaminated six people in my and all six of us have said who has lived in north St County her whole life. In daughter died of a rare form of brain cancer. 2014 study on cancer rates in the area found seven cases of childhood brain cancer in zip code there should have only been two or three. people literally and still sitting here doing allege that the dust found in their home can be traced to the West Lake a dump adjacent to their where an unknown amount of Project waste was illegally dumped by a private company in the The waste is still landfill is now owned by the waste management giant Republic which the name in their have not seen the or any scientific data to support its a Republic Services said in an emailed statement. federal state and experts have been clear that the Landfill is safe. There has been no evidence that supports a claim for contamination. The landfill remains in a managed the studies commissioned by attorney general last year found that trees and vegetation on properties adjacent to the landfill had absorbed radioactive and that chemicals found in area groundwater could be traced back to the complex. In the which has jurisdiction over the site found that radioactive particles had been detected in rainwater runoff near the landfill. Environmental Protection Agency has not received any new data regarding any migration of radiologically impacted material from the West Lake an spokesperson told St Public Radio in response to the suit. we have previously if individuals have scientifically valid data that we could they should share that with The protection of human health and the environment remains highest priority at the West Lake site and all scientifically data available to demonstrate no health risks to residents or employees in the local not by the test said Dawn of Just Moms an organization that is pushing for cleanup of the West Lake landfill and for buyouts for nearby residents. people are going to be cooking Thanksgiving in their kitchen next and what are they supposed to federal government has abandoned us. left us to fight a corporation on our have 30 more years of putting into our said. She and her husband moved into their home in 1999. horrible that everything here is wrapped up in and is now worthless. I willfully come into but been dumped on and not going to my head in the sand and pretend everything is world on on via on on on on on this content

Canvassing counties and alienating in a little less than half a year and a little more than half a lifetime visited It was the fourth day of match against but he had not come for the cricket so much as the opportunity to pose for a photos and press some flesh. He stopped off in the Long where his assistants started handing around leaflets. often talks about what a keen fan he is of the game. But was a first clue that this may not be entirely true. Because anyone who understood the sport would surely know better than to try to fans while they were attending to the serious business of watching the Roses up to the Spin Read told to either leave off or leave altogether. One of members wrote a fine letter to the club. only have to look at the newspapers which people read at to see that cricket supporters hold diverse political he we are all united by a love of cricket in general and cricket in the only cricket ground campaigned at in the summer. He also held a rally at New Road in stopped in at and had lunch at the Ground in where he spoke about how much he enjoyed the his own up playing as a and through to my He apparently the bowled a but my main interest was being The last time I used this quote I received an email from a reader who had been at school with who had clear memories of playing rugby with but none whatsoever of or watching He added that in fact closest thing to a bat I saw him hold was a swagger memory can of course be a treacherous and unreliable is at least one description of cricket It notes that he actually or and that his most memorable contribution to the match was to turn up wearing a pith helmet. Regardless of whether or not he unsurprising to hear wax on about his love of bound up as it is in nostalgia for an England that used to a in John long shadows on county warm invincible green dog lovers and pools fillers and as said maids bicycling to Holy Communion through the morning gave that very speech at a meeting of the Conservative Group for in which he argued for the case for the country being at heart of When he reeled off this he was trying to persuade the that will survive in all And he included cricket among them because he knew that a certain type of person sees it as being in some small of our national character. As did which is why he toured the county grounds 20 years was refreshing to hear born to an mother and a talk so openly about what he believes that character to be. but still identifies as one of four in the Test along with and a as a group of four there is something in he said on no doubt really exciting and something proud of. A lot of people outside the group clearly care about that and value that a lot. And that is a good thing in our hiding place for embarrassment after latest batting shambles Read simply and are doing a fine job of their around of the recreational cricketers in England have heritage. The men and women who run the sport and finally started to the truth of what Mike said back in when he wrote that cricket an immense potential resource for provided that cricket is prepared to redefine its notions about what constitutes cricket has been wrestling with this since when the selectors were split over whether or not was eligible for the Test team. Lord then president of the felt was just a of in this so be allowed to play. His decision was overturned three weeks when was picked for the Old and made 62 in the first innings and 154 in the second. As once put I can and change the mind of one person about being a player and having a then feel as if done my has also spoken about how he definitely like to inspire more interest in cricket among the ground around the the different communities of cricket sometimes seem to mix as well as oil and water. And a recent survey commissioned by Cricket Club found that of casual players in and would like to play cricket more but feel they lack the opportunity and access to do so. So change has been slow and faltering in and still has a long and difficult way to go. But it is undeniably under way. multiculturalism project has wrote last But the very team he purports to support as proudly together in both victory and cricket in on on via on on on on on this content

WHY DID ENGLAND KEEP UP THAT MANNEQUIN CHALLENGE SHAMBLES INTO Things were better back Loads of good people were still lunatics remained on the fringe of society rather than at the top of it and grown adult waste time by raising questions about a chocolate bar in parliament. Football was better in The Past too. you could only watch one game a month on pitches were swamps that swallowed any hint of skill or athletic if you were lucky that thing dropping on you from the upper tier was warm and unlucky if it was a grounds were deathtraps and of authority figures regarded anyone who went to a game as simian scum. on the up players did go out of an evening and get trousered with violence was veritably encouraged and those who meted it out were invited outside afterwards. football was better in The good news is that following 2-2 draw with on it looks like a couple of the brave boys are looking to bring those fine traditions of The Past back. was absent from on account of a and he clearly attempted to soothe his pain by politely joining a wedding held at team hotel until the wee small hours. Pictures appeared to show him droopy of eye and red of which the more cynical might determine was caused by the necking of much wine in reality of was nothing of the spokesman defends celebrations after match Read along with the rest of the England was on a night off a spokesman for the player. than going he chose to stay at the team hotel to relax and celebrate a fine England victory against During the course of the evening he was approached by numerous fellow guests for autographs and pictures. As he has always was happy to pose for photos and chat with guests. It is sad that one or two of them have now sought to turn friendly good nature to their Shame on the disappointing clarification that actually harking back to The over to and to keep the flame The two each perfectly willing and able to start fights in empty seemingly came to blows both physical and verbal during and the man was thoroughly unimpressed. think pretty clear what he did and I can feel it on my cheek harrumphed. made a pass and it was a long time afterwards elbowed me in the face. I know what he and I like that kind of stuff. I mind people kicking each other at times and but just dirty and not such are the rules of The all of this can be solved in two either a quick from the aggressor and a masculine shake of or a at a later date to discover which of the two is the greater man. Which would you need him to see him United v is scheduled for 11 hats off to and comfortingly from The for trying at least to restore life to how it once was. And if you can do something about all the other stuff too be much want to get it out and give other people an opportunity to do the same. I want to give people strength. I survived it. I lost my which was a massive thing for but still here. I came through the other side. Other people can have that the former professional footballer is finally able to talk publicly about the horrific abuse he suffered from the age of 11 by one of his in the hope that others will come forward too. Interview by OF THE is the defeat that hurts the most in my five years no doubt about it. It is a bitter pill to is on the ropes with after a 4-0 against their second defeat in two World Cup qualifying games. president make any decisions right after games. think about what happened today and talk with and look at the Watch this space. Twitter US oh. England game really was an audition for I thought he did superbly. attacking play to unsettle even the best in the demonstrably your own proving that we can do and continuing to impress despite changing before eventually wilting away dramatically at the deciding end it turns out you really can capture entire major tournament cycle in a single Tom times like with so much going on in the who cares about international for gave England game a wide berth to focus on far more important like where the have all the anyone Oh and I know some on but not made of money and since I got the Best mug last the pressure is totally off this year. like struggling to find the motivation or summon the effort required to win it back to that there is no evidence that avoiding after midnight will help prevent muscular perhaps a better explanation of Pep rule is that he wants to stop players raiding the fridge for a snack in the very early hours. Did say if City players are forbidden from getting and need to avoid bright lights as I point out to Fiver that Fiver reader letters along the lines of missives like this one have nothing to do with are versions of your average Fiver letter. I continue to wonder during my daily perusals of the letters section whether The Fiver somehow been having given how we still religiously continue to read it even as we its journalism. But of course that would be giving The Fiver far too much Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND their 3-0 win over led his team out in front of assembled hacks and told them where to go. have decided not to speak any more with the he tooted. received many a lot of lack of respect and we never said anything. very sorry it has to be like this but we have no League chief suit is having a heck of a having had to break off talks with the FA over their game no winter break or fifth making a swift impact Tactics The Town director of football down to the touchline during their FA Cup replay at home to and promptly oversaw a 3-1 defeat. will have to be more hard work and the players need to quickly get on board with plenty of new ideas that has brought to the cheered head coach Twitter Strong start. has washed up back in the game as manager of arriving in impeccable style. fans will get he roared. get life and if you go and ask the owner of if you go and ask Tony the owner of you ask who is sadly no longer with the guy who led the revolution down at Town along with the Carter then they would say you get my will play two matches in less than 46 hours over the new year period after their request for a late at was snubbed by the Premier League. City are in the same albeit without as much Two games in two Not always a bad thing manager is unsure where talk linking the club with former LA Galaxy merchandise has come from. decided to go to and sure he has had a good spell cooed will sit down now and come back and decide what he wants to do. In terms of the speculation players coming into the club will always remain STILL WANT Parker on the state of the may have poked a nest of simmering resentment at with his discussions of other clubs and other reckons grounds named after truly ancient heroes and players whose names match their numbers are among the treasure trove of under the microscope in this Knowledge. Twitter hanging on to his ground name. this a trills at the numbing lack of atmosphere at so many Premier League matches. Not only is it a dull potentially damaging the brand. Poor the may have only been able to play 23 minutes of draw with but his bright and inventive display confirmed that he is now the in attacking purrs Our pick of the best of the starring and marking and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND WAS JUST TACTICAL on on via on on on on on this content

lecturer in political have a doctorate from a great worked on government research and have more published work than many tenured staff. I have been for about five years but HR departments have been alert enough to knock me out of the system before I could rack up four years and become Universities accused of Sports Direct for pay Read been working for three places at once for most of those years. You have three HR systems and three and three security each with their glitches and negotiation of all that stuff just getting paid is far from automatic stacks up to something like a management role. But of course this is without the security or the reward or pay being put in automatically. often like trying to play very and then you look at what doing all this for and three hours one seven none the next week. I earn just over a year. My pay always just reduces my which is now universal credit. hard to get by. Then friends and sometimes even students say things all right for you being a university lecturer are seasonal like fruit pickers. You have to email every cap in there any work for me this Universities are giving their people less therefore paying them do struggle to get by. I live in a housing On a basis it means getting big bags of pulses and rice from as cheaply as making a whole batch of something and living off it. I cycle everywhere. absolutely no frills. got a partner. We would like a but it would be extremely difficult. And the idea of getting a mortgage is a reason I am willing to be named here is because there is little left at not much left to the idea that if I be nice and polite about the situation and say anything I might progress is clearly not academic on casual had more rights as a Read lecturer in applied linguistics and obtained my in 2013 from a Group university. Since then I have worked in three different have taught on seven different and have been module leader for five of these love working in having had a succession of contracts as an am finding it increasingly unsustainable for both financial and personal am not making enough money to make particularly in the and have to freelance as an editor and which eats into time I really should be using to develop my own research and publications. I am unable to make plans because I know where or if have work next the moment I face long commutes sleeping on spare floors or beanbags the night before I teach. no point in moving closer to work because I might be working at the other end of the country in six a house is out of the question. I have moved back in with my parents in order to save even my rent. The best time was when I was teaching two courses a semester and doing MA supervision I was earning a year. Sometimes as low as contracts do not always pay you for office hours or sufficiently pay you for teaching preparation. You are rarely paid for the hours of emailing and advising students outside the days you are working. It becomes a difficult juggling act between supporting your students and paying as a Zip your lip and do as you're told Read a personal experienced serious mental health issues while I have worked very hard at getting to a point where I can unstable work without a network of colleagues and without any security is proving really difficult. Three years of temporary contracts have meant that my life has been on hold. My friends outside academia are settling buying houses and getting married. I have a a book too expensive for anyone other than a university library to buy and face constant worried that academic means that the only ones who get permanent academic jobs are those able to tough out several years of unstable work and I worry that the people able to do that are those with considerable financial without caring without financial dependents and those mentally resilient enough to lecturers on the is the following in Read lecturer in got my in 1997 in literary theory. I worked for about six years at various universities on a series of temporary contracts. I then had my daughter and was made redundant from the last of those was at home for five years with my then I returned to work as a lecturer at University on a series of temporary contracts including and my underlying permanent contract remains life is because my husband earns a decent wage but I certainly could not support myself on what I earn. Plus the issue of insecurity the fact that your hours can be cut. My hours have been cut. I have been on occasion quite depressed by the was only doing five or so hours a week last year. This semester only teaching two hours a week. The lecturing rate includes payment for half an hour preparation and half an hour marking for each hour of teaching. If I was preparing a course I have not taught before I would often spend a day preparing for a lecture and a seminar or a workshop. I earn such a pathetic amount. ignominious. I feel quite humiliated the remuneration and the status of the job is much lower than it is for equivalent colleagues. a lack of career a lack of status and not much in a sense lucky. not on my uppers. I can work for little but for other people who need to support a I imagine how they manage. Everybody is scrabbling around trying to find husband is a professor of philosophy. He is the one with the proper job. not but not very good on the feminist new world of on on via on on on on on this content

In and a team of from New City into the heart of the to undertake a study of daily life in an ordinary The approached their mission in much the same spirit that entered the Heart of Darkness to look upon denizens of middle as an anthropologist might chronicle the strange customs of another many sociologists were willing to discuss dispassionately the quaintly patterned ways of behaving that make up the customs of for many others it was distasteful to turn with equal to the of their fellow nothing can be more enlightening than to gain precisely that degree of objectivity and perspective with which we view savage happen upon by chance. they scoured the country in search of a city representative as possible of contemporary something that could stand in for the whole of culture. In the bestselling book they published five years which would become a classic work of they did not name or any of its citizens. They simply called it the past six the idea of the out there has been the preoccupation of most journalists. First during referendum and then as Trump ran away with the Republican commentators opined from the metropolis while reporters ventured to the parishes to the white working class. Editors charged their employees with finding out why are so what has made so what is driving erratic electoral the real problem is baked into the are not know views are not often heard in newsrooms and know it. And so the journalist swoops in for a day or armed with reports and expectations and finds the angry and disaffected people they are looking for. The reporters question their subjects on the holy trinity of identities and but only one at a time and then they find some local rarely people of and hurry back to the office. Pundits speculated whether could win when it turned out she even win protagonists of any given story are easily slotted into already existing archetypes soccer white van men and placed within a narrative arc that makes sense of their a revolt against the or why the right must embrace or how the left needs to learn values. And then election night arrives and the whole thing collapses under the weight of its own before starting all over again the next day with the hasty construction of a new narrative to explain what came to in the path of the although not necessarily in their in the hope that I might do something a bit different. Like I did not happen on by chance. It sits in a swing county both and W Bush won it twice and voted for both Trump and Sanders in their respective rejecting the pleas of both party establishments. It seemed like an ideal place to avoid the spectacle of a presidential election which had at one speculating about whether could win when it turned out she even win arrived on the night of the second debate to find people more embarrassed than angry. Looking for a I went to the Fickle a bar in where the three screens were set to either football or baseball. the put the debate on for me with the sound down and two of us watched it with subtitles. It was two days after news broke of Trump bragging about grabbing women the when his election prospects were understood to be I left town a month Trump was putting together his transition team and meeting in the White House. On election a small crowd had gathered in the Fickle Peach. The results were on every with the sound turned as the liberal some watched the certainties of just a few hours earlier evaporate their hopes crushed in real state by woke to a new normal. The object of our derision would soon have the nuclear codes. but respect for the the office and its superseded the moral issue of what the victor had said and done en route to victory. Many of the very same people just the day said he was unfit for now told to unite around him. those who had not seen any of this coming confidently told us what we had seen and what would be coming next. had spoken. For reasons to do with elitism or all of the above it had made common cause with a garish New City multimillionaire to send a message to the establishment. Reporters were dispatched not to test this thesis but illustrate the arrived in 92 years ago to begin their they had more resources and more time than are generally available to a newspaper reporter. They had two research and they stayed for the best part of two years. They published their findings in 1929 with a detailed portrayal of a town becoming less devout and less more educated and more where women were less likely to bake their own bread and more likely to work outside the young people led more independent public speeches were getting shorter and schoolgirls preferred cotton to silk are coming to that we today are probably living in one of the eras of greatest rapidity of change in the history of human they concluded. The sentiment is all too familiar. Something is and faster than we thought possible. Trump follows as Marine Pen may follow Trump. Our political parties no longer seem capable of connecting with those they claim to our democracies are more fragile than we those institutions that make a functioning democracy possible the the police are less trusted than they now and these the natural tendency is to search for a mirror we might hold up to ourselves a reflection that tells who we really are in the midst of crisis and change. When the published it was immediately celebrated as an authentic portrait of real in dozens of rave and reprinted six times in its first year. The influential columnist in scientific the sort of lives millions of are Chase at the Nation magazine touches the book touches the heart of once claimed that ideally the best person to study would not be but a anthropologist with sufficient distance from his subject to fully understand it. he a foreigner would had a devil of a time in getting into being a regular fellow at Rotary and the Chamber of and generally do much hobnobbing though I did attend a swanky opening at an art gallery on campus. But I did have a dinner one night with some Republicans and enjoy a sandwich with some Sanders supporters. Stick around long enough and meet the Republican with who loaded his machines on to the lorry that took them to and the Democratic school board candidate who lost his brother to a drug overdose. see the gun show at the County Fairgrounds right next door to a cavernous hall where they are giving away coats so the poor go cold in the winter. hear a black candidate for local office choke up as she admits she will not let her husband accompany her canvassing for fear that he might get and meet Republicans who ask if is safe because the mayor is a and you carry a hear things that have nothing to do with the elections and everything to do with politics. that the reason this outcome was unimaginable has as much to do with our imaginations as the outcome itself. The seeds for this moment were sown long ago and the roots are result was the fallout was tumultuous and the consequences will be dire for even deadly. But the final stages of the process that led us here were less by anger than ambivalence. They poll for indifference. Few imagined we would sleepwalk into the abyss. Twitter The disused Warner factory in which once employed more than 5,000 men and women. for the disused Warner factory in which once employed more than 5,000 men and women Photograph country has a A real place made mythical by its elevation as an archetype a city or region that encapsulates what a country wishes it had a nostalgia rooted in a melancholic longing for economic stability and cultural then nourished by patriotic is a small town in eastern of around 70,000 that is on the way to nowhere in particular. On the inside cover of in the follow up written by after the a map lays out the human geography of the town. To the of the railroad tracks lie of business and a small college and to the of the tracks is the area also known as to the south of the tracks and the White River are of working Abandoned plants like giant art installations depict what capitalism looks like when it need people any could take this map and lay it on the town today and just the says the director of the Center for Studies at Ball State which occupies a far bigger section of the than it did on the it is now the largest tour around is complete without a visit to the sites of its closed factories. The car slows down to the pace of a funeral as your guide rolls past the tens of thousands of square feet of where abandoned plants sit like giant art installations depicting what capitalism looks like when it need people any more. used to host factories that mostly made transmissions for cars. One in five people in the town were employed in manufacturing today one in 10. During the 1960 John addressed workers at the Warner which is now everybody worked says who grew up in the poor white part of town. of my my parents. My grandpa retired from Warner. Everyone was affected. By the time I grew up it was all gone People started retiring early by 2000. By 2005 they were completely union jobs either went or to the south places where is cheaper and unions are weaker. In the meantime heroin and crystal have ravaging huge sections of the both black and white. According to the US a third of lives below the poverty while white male earnings have slumped dramatically since the university or the hospital second largest goes to hire a professor or a they put an ad in the local says draw people from around the world as applicants. So you have one part of this community that is plugged into these global networks and lives in a way that is not that different from a major metropolitan And then you have another part of the town that is more isolated than ever because those old things that connected like unions and the have withered and the connections they created have declined. So not only are some people paid poorly but not at all engaged with this global economy and these networks of connections that extend far and is as good a place as any to start understanding victory. Because just as almost every nation has a most western nations also have a Trump. in no small they have a Trump precisely because they have a and their is suffering. campaigned with Marine the leader of the Front National in was one of the first to congratulate him. Whether in the the in or in each applies the same mixture of patriotic class racial animus and economic insecurity to their own national link between economic anxiety and nationalism can be overdone. The easy narrative of a populist revolt has an appealing but won votes from more than half of the people who earn less than the rich voted for Trump. He won the electoral college and lost the popular vote. Thanks to the lowest turnout in 20 Trump won a lower percentage of the eligible vote than John John Mitt and Ford and they all lost. He got the same proportion of the white vote as in 2012 and Bush in 2004 and only a little more than in 2008. He may have led the charge to the right but comparatively few marched with is such a link inevitable. In several countries across from to a populist left response has emerged to this same crisis. In the US the senator who calls himself a democratic shocked including by mounting a dynamic insurgent campaign that addressed these very economic the link cannot be denied. The case for solidarity requires more effort and empathy than the case for scapegoating. It also flies against the prevailing headwinds of nationalism and a narrow understanding of Twitter arrives at Trump Tower to meet Trump. arrives at Trump Tower to meet Trump Photograph connection between closed factories and the rise of the populist right is threefold. people are desperate. They were desperate before the economic crisis. not that there are no jobs available in As well as the university and some new manufacturing jobs have arrived. But none can provide the kind of lifestyle to which previous generations were accustomed. Many of the houses on that are not abandoned are that a way life is disappearing. Some factory jobs cannot be filled because applicants cannot pass company drugs tests. I heard of at least one manager who is thinking of laying on a bus to get people to work because they have cars and public transport is need something to change. party just do the things always done and have incremental says who runs the Downtown Farm an organic food store and deli. very happy with incremental change. And the rest of the public is out here have time for incremental people blame the entire political class for making them desperate. Bringing down trade barriers and letting manufacturing move abroad was part of a western political orthodoxy that became dominant in the creating an overcrowded political and leaving so much room at the extremes. The North Free Trade Agreement was promoted and passed by Bill who also repealed the which deregulated the financial sector and contributed to creating the conditions that produced the crash of 2008. championed the an ambitious trade deal involving 11 other crafted mostly in which would not only have likely depressed wages but allowed companies to sue governments if they change policy health and education to services. vacillated on first backing then opposing it. In the wake of victory has now effectively abandoned Trump having campaigned heavily against also helps explain why who campaigned hard against did so well here. understand the trade said who voted for Sanders in the primary and then know what killed their jobs and that was And not only did it kill our jobs here but it exploited people and I think people are starting to understand how multinational corporations work. They move the jobs where people they can the issue was not simply about trade or to many voters in looked not only like an integral part of the establishment that had brought them to this but like a candidate advocating more of the same. you take a step back and look at all has achieved over the past eight remarkable to see how far argued. For many of those who already had their backs against the it was hard to see the progress. on the other offered the near certainty that something would change. least shake things was the phrase that kept coming up. One in five of those who voted for him thought he have the temperament to be president. For some who had little to he was evidently a risk worth Democrats keep making out like everything is says the publisher of the progressive magazine Voice. not. buying and perhaps most dramatic of people have come to feel they have no say about what is happening to their lives. That is why the slogan Back resonated with so many during the referendum. The nation state is still the primary democratic but given the scale of it is clearly no longer up to the that task of meeting the needs of its citizens. Voters see people coming through borders they close and jobs leaving that they save and wonder how they can assert themselves on the and his are often described in as a threat to democracy. But in truth they would be better understood as the product of a democracy already in crisis. Twitter Photograph by for the Photograph were keen to concentrate on issues of and sought out a town with a in order to avoid forced to handle two major racial change and cultural So one of their key criteria for selecting as was that it had small and The population really was small because the local business class deliberately imported workers from and was a conscious attempt to keep foreign workers says they wanted people to go home during slack times and they were worried foreigners would bring in dangerous So like a fairground gave an image of itself that was both familiar and woefully black was not small. At it was proportionally higher at the time than New or and growing faster as well. Today it stands at of the population. try to unmask this myth about class. But what it did was create this other myth about a representative a white says a historian at and the author of The Averaged like a fairground gave an image of itself that was both familiar and woefully distorted an image that the preferred to reality. That says is enduring. It can be found in praise of the in 2008 or ad morning again in in most of pledge to great a phrase first employed by in persistence has been unaffected and perhaps even strengthened by the increasing diversity of the population. As the white population shrinks in relation to other some people keep their whitewashed image of the country alive by finding ever more desperate ways to dismiss the existence or validity of few days before the when reports of huge turnout for early voting presented the false promise of a the troll tweeted that only people with at least 4 grandparents born in were Trump would win in a not that would mean neither whose mother is his children or his who is could was a key part of message and appeal. He branded vowed to build a wall on the border and to stop coming into the country. He complained that an federal judge presiding in a case against Trump University was because he was He threatened that he would not accept the results of the election because there would be voter fraud in the a term that Trump uses to refer to places where people live. When a black Trump supporter was booed at a rally in North presumably because the crowd could not imagine he was not there to Trump ordered security to throw the man out and called him was as electorally savvy as it was morally reprehensible. After eight years with at the at a time of heightened racial the white anxiety on which Trump preyed was ripe for sense of racial fragility was both local and real and imaginary. At white people will become a minority in around 25 the president is the black child of a relationship that involved a lapsed foreign the southern border is and black people are on the streets demanding equality before the law. terrorists are becoming ever more brazen and brutal in their attacks on western cities and the economy will soon be larger than the US military has failed to deliver victory in several and refugees are desperately fleeing the Middle East. Add all that to the stagnant falling living decreasing life and vanishing class and you can see how being a white feels like not what it used to few explicitly talk about in racial the base supporters are very conscious of being white in a country with growing the veteran Democratic pollster explained a few years ago. party is losing to a Democratic party of big government whose goal is to expand programs that mainly benefit minorities. Race remains very much alive in the politics of the Republican small talk over dinner with some Republicans in I asked one if he had any plans to visit He shook his head and said he feel comfortable in at the moment I assumed because of the threat of terrorism. The only place he would feel safe outside of he was the murder rate in was higher than in Twitter Former on Memorial Photograph by for the on Memorial Photograph the white working says who voted for the benefits of being white obvious. are afraid that stupid. This whole thing sexism. All this stuff is being stupid. All these isms are ignorance. People feel they feel sexist They feel because of their ignorance. You want to offend victory cannot be explained by racism alone. He won several states that took easily in 2008 and is in the precise place where race and class merge that a section of white finds itself both bereft and beleaguered. privilege is like a blessing and a curse if says. privilege pisses poor white people off because never experienced it on a level that they understand. You hear and you think money and opportunity and they have it. protected minorities they have advocates. But no advocates for poor Trump got almost of the white vote and performed poorly among every other racial group. Race was clearly a central fault line and how could it not in a country that slavery for 200 apartheid for the next and has been a democracy for only the last victory cannot be explained by racism alone and the efforts to understand race and class separately result in one misunderstanding them both entirely. to get to the bottom of appeal we will have to go beyond any interpretation of these results and adopt a more one that takes into account the fractious way a constellation of identities collide and of many things and so on and just one themselves. It is that whole not a segment of that goes to the polls and that we need to understand. won women but Trump won white women and older women. despite the fact that his campaign was steeped in lambasting women for their dismissing women who accused him of sexual harassment as and excusing his own boasts of assault as room He even passed judgment on telling a crowd in North walked in front of believe I the former spokesperson for the League of Women Voters of said a higher bar was set for than her male counterparts of the past. met a lot of women who detest her said who said she was not a herself. take credit for this statement but I heard someone gotten used to voting for males we like. held our nose and voted for them for whatever reason. But we used to doing that with a Our culture holds women to a higher once to isolate misogyny as the central factor in defeat would ignore the fact that of black women went for and black men were nearly twice as likely to vote as white women. Just as race alone cannot sufficiently explain the choices of Trump looking at only or only in the absence of cannot make sense of these people voted for Trump and younger for although young white men went to Trump. In another sign of the widening divide over education also visible in the vote college graduates were for those who did not attend or finish for Trump. An even starker partisan divide than gender or age was visible in the split between the rural and the urban fully grasp how identity played a role in this and clearly it did the challenge is not to try to isolate the as the but to include them. we trade the distortions of one fairground mirror for another. Twitter Detail of a rusty old Diamond T Truck from the early for the of a rusty old Diamond T Truck from the early Photograph age of party democracy has the late political scientist Peter declared in Ruling the his 2013 autopsy of hollowing of western the parties themselves they have become so disconnected from the wider society and pursue a form of competition that is so lacking that they no longer seem capable of sustaining democracy in its present situation is no less dire in than and it finds illustration everywhere you look in to its past as a manufacturing hub with strong unions and a reputation for machine was once known as Little The is big enough to have a political but small enough that most of the people in that machine have known each other since Democratic party is based at 214 North Walnut not far from the courthouse and City Hall the party establishment is referred to simply as 214. It drew its from the local fire department the current mayor was once a firefighter and it has a dynastic culture that would not be unfamiliar to the or Bushes. A few families have dominated the and their names still carry the unsuccessful candidate for county for is the sister of the county and both are the children of Ally who long held positions in a reformist caucus took shape within the Democratic calling themselves These were Democrats who wanted to disassociate themselves from what they saw as the incestuous and corrupt grip of the machine overseers. person had their own breaking explains who once held a senior position in the local party. just take it any Rose says that each candidate for local office had to pay of their salary to the party in order to and then annually if elected. Whenever she the party liked the money in much of it was never accounted at least six the has been investigating Democratic city government over allegations of corruption. In one it is alleged that the building commissioner the son of a local Democratic party grandee who is also a fireman gave his own building company more than of some of it for demolitions at addresses where there are no buildings. surprise me at says Rose. could see it coming years Democrat set up a separate action asked people to sign up to a code of and ran in Democratic primaries against establishment candidates. Their a more threadbare sits on the other side of City Hall from 214. Beyond the ethics Rose says there is little in the way of political difference between Team Democrat and the local although the reformists are possibly less and more likely to have supported election night last 214 looked like a wake. Presidential outcomes Republicans won a virtually clean from what should have been a closely contested US Senate to the down to the county commissioners. The only Democrat candidates that broke through in local races were from Team the primaries there was no doubt whose side 214 was campaign was based there. But beyond the where won there was little they could do for her. Sanders talked trade and and that message goes down well in Bit by bit during the the became committed and the committed became active. Sanders Democratic much like the maintained power but lost influence. Within the Democratic the had been cultivating connections for a generation. During the primaries they had the sewn after it they had the funders lined up. They had the best Lady past provided extensive evidence that she was but for her future presidency and the changes she might bring there was no narrative. In this period of despair and their offer of is not a winning can pin it on the the the third and they all played a role. But sooner or later moderate liberals are going to have to own the consequences of their politics. In this period of despair and their offer of is not a winning formula. For a political camp that boasts of its pragmatic it has quite simply failed to scripted but complacently the campaign emerged from a centrist political tradition at a moment where there is no offering solutions at a time when own base has begun to see the free market as part of the the machine does not need a it needs a complete overhaul. The people to whom failed to appeal wanted more from their politics than she would provide or was prepared to deliver. In economic injustice and class alienation are as much the reason why lost as why Trump won. He stoked his she failed to give her base look around and has capitalism done for the working says the Downtown Food Stand owner who voted for Sanders and then taken our jobs and ruined our infrastructure and increased our prices so If your job is good and you have good and you have then you understand. a very small group of people. And it happens to be the group of people who are in did not introduce racism to the modern Republican party. He simply refused to observe institutional half a Republicans had relied on which deployed a coded racial message that could bind together a formidable coalition of southern states and suburban white voters. have to face the fact that the whole problem is really the told his Bob key is to devise a system that that while not appearing had no problem although he focused his bigotry on and more than Some people voted for him because of this while others voted for him because it put them off. The Republican party establishment was terrified by it. Even with less inflammatory the party had been struggling to win the White the last few election the black Republican vote has all but vanished and the escalating rhetoric seemed certain to erase its share of the vote as well. The trend is Republicans are attracting fewer votes from a growing segment of the leaders have long been arguing that this trend is not sustainable. not generating enough angry white guys to stay in business for the long Senator Graham said in 2012. Then along came the erstwhile leader of the movement insisting that was not a legitimate because he had really been born in When people said they seen anything like this they actually been paying attention. he was more brazen than his predecessors. But he break the he adapted it. I hated Trump during the primaries. He was a Trump nomination was supposed to tear the Republican party asunder. When the primaries came to only and John were still in the and nomination felt like a done deal. He won in but most of the Republicans I spoke to there thought he was a deeply flawed lot of what done and said is said at a meeting of the Citizens of County for Good Government a local conservative group. would have been happier with almost anyone else. I wanted then then Trump would have almost been my last Most of the 12 in the group preferred another candidate. One senior Republican called him a who voted for called him and a hated Trump during the she said. was a the time I was talking to the the national press were writing premature obituaries for the Republican complete with circular firing squad civil war analogies and even comparisons to the last days of bunker. The local Republican party was also divided with the attacking the party establishment with the same kinetic energy and purist ideology I had seen in other Tea Party groups over the years. When someone threw a brick through the window of Republican the joke in town was that nobody knew whether the vandal was a Republican or a when election day the Republicans all voted for Trump because however they felt about they loathed and they enjoyed a of state and local races as the beginning I worried about whether she could says who cast her ballot for think if the Republicans had voted for John or we be talking about this now because I think a lot of people who are having a hard time voting for Trump would not have a hard time voting for a moderate had a point. Trump lost the popular vote which the Republicans have only won once since 1992. But this it turns out that the people who might have had a hard time voting for Trump had a harder time voting for an establishment Democrat like In the it was Trump who was lucky to have her as an opponent. Twitter Photograph by for the Photograph week before the the police chief in who also served as the chairman of the county Democratic party until late last year abruptly announced his resignation after 31 years on the force. In his resignation he singled out the actions of the who heads the city government currently being investigated by the as the reason for his sudden is now bracing itself for criminal indictments. People lower their voices a little and roll their eyes when they mention the investigation. They are but not really surprised. What I heard over and over again in the in many different ways in matters national and political and personal was ordinary people feeling that they were not getting a fair shake. That the news they get is that politicians are lining their own pockets and getting away with that nobody in power really cares about them and not a damn thing they can do about allegations of potential voter fraud were patently ridiculous. More people in are struck by lightning than impersonate other people at the polls. claim that the had its investigation into emails was clearly he withdrew it when they appeared to be reopening the case and renewed it again when they said there was no case to answer. But his incessant complaint that system is rang true. no longer have faith in the institutions that govern them. They may differ on why and in whose interests it is rigged. But the trust has places such as where the recovery has been glacial by comparison to or New the legacy of the economic crisis is more than just a distant memory. parents lost everything in says an lecturer at Ball State University. their home to put three kids and my mum through college. All of that work they put in and left with was Ring recalled. He set up the Down Town Farm selling organic much of it from local farms including their just before the financial crisis. first few years were very hard. We just got through it. Every dollar that we we put into this little store. not wealthy. We were totally when we started the store. It was half this size. We have the deli. Just a few things on the earlier this the City of announced that it was partnering with a major regional supermarket chain to help bring a new organic grocery store to town. competitor wants to come here one says Ring. to a We live here. Our profits are here. We pay our taxes just one story. But the sort of story that I was told more often than any other in And when enough voters have their own versions of this same story of grievances real and exaggerated their sentiments have to be firmly grounded in facts for them to be keenly felt and fervently acted upon. When a tiny conspiratorial minority believes the system is their problem. But when a majority believes then the system has a Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email The view from on on via on on on on on this content

A new and disturbing factor emerged during this presidential and one that may change elections democracies are now at the mercy of hacking and surveillance technology and those who control and a network of anonymous hackers have become a major turning the rituals of democracy into for the tabloids and the sensationalist press. And foreign governments have a too allegedly in the case of the US has advanced rapidly from election to becoming more powerful and ubiquitous. Skilled hackers have the ability to access and release private communications and whether from two hours ago or 20 years ago. campaign dubs after latest hack Read now in the that technology has played the role of firepower was directed only at one of the presidential and the topic of missing emails was controversially revived by the nine days before the election. blamed that intervention as one reason she lost the election. Both set a troubling but this emerging is not just a threat to the two separate targeting major political parties in both with links to Chancellor warned last week that may try to influence the upcoming federal elections in 2017 through a campaign of hacking and disinformation. is already facing daily of responding to says. Security experts suggest may think it would be better able to deal with a more government than the current grand coalition led by a trail of evidence in many recent hacks points to says Martin deputy director of the Digital Society Institute in significant that attacks like this increasingly try to capture large volumes of as was the case with the in order to do something with them in the said. a year away from national elections. And an attacker who stocks up on information today is better capable of action in nine be it leaking that information or blackmailing someone. conceivable. seen it in the so why not in also hit television channel in forcing it off the air and placing propaganda messages on the website and social media accounts. Twitter warned that may try to influence the upcoming federal elections through a campaign of hacking and disinformation. John the just a month before the presidential election in May the government suffered probably its worst ever data while a few months earlier the Commission on Elections saw its website defaced and its entire database posted a senior manager at IT security firm Trend said the vulnerabilities could lead to the election being the the leaked Panama Papers revealed that the then prime minister had personally profited from a stash of in an offshore investment fund set up by his father. As facto leader of the Remain campaign in the vote to leave the lost public credibility over the incident and damaged the campaign to stay in the the time the US election rolled were confused and reeling after a vicious and both Trump and had unprecedented negative ratings from what they revealed about the campaign's mechanics Read the possibility of being embarrassed by a leak will discourage some people from running for office. How many good potential candidates are so squeaky clean that she or he can survive having snatches of conversations or emails ripped out of context and splashed across the Or having the email archives of a closest advisers as election campaign John raked through for scandal has certainly affected elections most famously with the sensation caused by the John television debates. Those who watched the debates on thought and those who heard it on the radio thought the recent US presidential election is the first time technology has played such a central role in digging into private hacking into private unearthing what was previously and then providing the means to broadcast that all over the world. Adding to the mystery and tragedy is the apparent likelihood that foreign governments increasingly have the capabilities to do this to each trying to sway the outcome of elections and help the voters of another nation pick a leader they find more or to become the for important elections all over the world seems like a shortcut toward a democratic death spiral. We need to consider the vastly disproportionate influence of because the critical processes and institutions of democracy may be more fragile than we Hill is a political writer and the author of Raw How the and Runaway Capitalism Are Screwing Workers and 10 Steps to Repair Democracy. You can follow him on elections on on via on on on on on this content

Nearly 60 years after said the has had it so is that the best it ever and have we messed up for the next Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and

Daughter says about her King hath ever but slenderly known What should be known about Post your answers and new questions below or email them to Please include address and phone and

any football grounds named after people even less recently alive than II tweeted who points out that the stadium in the capital is named after a monarch who lived from 382 until his assassination 46 years later in 336 seems to be the answer if the is anything to go but a couple of readers have presented some fascinating answers that are worthy of inclusion nonetheless. Over to you found two pretty shaky also temporally but sending them in writes to the Stadium name Gymnastic Club in is named after a gymnastics which in turn took its name from philosopher of Now I know the question asked specifically for grounds named after people and this here is a ground named after a gymnastics club named after a but it really matter anyway since was born two years after our II died. My other one is Stadium in named after the city founded by the Great It may be shared by Union and but not certain. II was dad. Small with the shirt numbers to match their names The Knowledge Read van was another who technically failed to answer the question but came mighty close. former Dutch professional football club is named after the Great emails Bas. great Dutch players like and van played there. played at different most relevant for this from 1932-1940 at which had a capacity of shots in Shoot pretty sure Shoot magazine ran a weekly feature in the visiting different league clubs to measure the player with the hardest shot and longest recalls John may have also done the throw as well. I think I vaguely remember winning the longest throw but who were the other also recall the Shoot Magazine hardest shot competition so much the longest throw writes while still at clocked his strike at around proving to Shoot readers of the day that his shot had the most sting. add that I have been waiting years to use that so thank you Shoot was not alone in measuring the venom of various shots. Evening Standard went round all the clubs during training in the early with a device that measured the speed of shots and published a daily feature on each listing those with the most powerful writes main thing I remember is that the team goalkeeper was often but still almost a decade the Knowledge discovered while there is no official record of the hardest shot in striker once blasted a screamer against the against Arsenal during a 4-1 defeat on 16 1996. His shot from 14.8 yards was clocked by the Sky Sports Replay 2000 tracking machine and you can read more about his and other here. Scoring far and was researching the history of the man bun and noticed that first four international goals were scored in four different countries and writes who fails to reveal why on earth he was researching the history of the man bun. no doubt this run can be emphatically beaten but the may not be a but Graham has gone one better than Take it restricted my search to beanpole strikers and when Peter Crouch proved to be disappointingly patriotic with his goalscoring my next port of call was he writes. first five goals were scored in five different countries on three different continents no less. The goals in question were scored in and . So well done I in Freeman has come up with a player who scored his first eight international goals in eight different United and are as writes in Republic Republic of and Beat that if you can. Twitter scores for against at the 2012 final in with shirt numbers to match their names were inundated with responses for last which you can enjoy by clicking on this and have had a couple more since came across Lucky playing for New Cosmos in the but he is on the roster not laments Cooper. Nick whose attire may or may not boast a postcode instead of a has come up with a good in was an goalkeeper called who played for and among he writes. often wore of Truth be we thought Nick might be pulling our but exhaustive research scan of followed by some judicious revealed when the specifically wore the throughout his because of its in at to his surname. And then dug out the Lee mailed in to note that midfielder wears the shirt for the side. His last name in his native means or in terms of but phonetically is pronounced the same way as the number As intriguing as it would have I recall him regularly wearing the although he has sometimes been deployed as a lone striker up front on occasion. The surname which is pronounced in is extremely common and is the phonetic equivalent of the number So lots of examples can probably be found in the Lee and Lee both of whom wear the Another notable example that some readers might be familiar with is the recently retired international Lee who played for attendances also looked at such as the 33,333 at Spurs v in 1969 and the 111,111 at v in 1983. But one more notable offering worthy of mention Constable pointed us towards Chesterfield v on 27 March when 4,444 fans turned up at to see a 4-4 remember reading that when the Premier League there were only nine foreigners counting Welsh or playing. Is this And if who were asked back in footballers have their nationality in their The Knowledge Read actual number of foreign and players in their starting when the Premier League began in 1992-93 was 10 with two more coming on as substitutes. As pointed 10 starters were John Anders Peter and came on as a substitute that as did added the foreign legion on the opening weekend of the Premiership comprised of two two two a a a played internationally for a an and a you 3-0 win over where all three goals were writes was wondering if anyone knows what is the highest scoring match where all goals scored were got Bull off West tweets Savage. got a stand named after him. Any more standees who played for arch being champions of only three years ago to perennial losers and wooden last the Central Coast Mariners have had a dramatic descent in mails of the records they dubiously hold is for the most consecutive league games without a clean with stretching back to the 2014-15 and the most recent against the Wellington Phoenix this season. My question has any other team gone on a more calamitous run in is the highest number of penalties scored by a player in a single domestic asks United in Northern top have defensive midfielder Tony of and who has scored nine penalties in his 18 games so far this season. What is the record to whopping 18 of the 23 players recently called up to the national squad play for a club competing in the Champions League this writes this a I understand the rules of the if any player takes a set they cannot then touch the ball until another player writes if a penalty taker hits the post or bar and follows up on the rebound before anyone an indirect would be given to the defending team. Despite this being a plausible I ever remember it happening. Has it ever Is there any grainy video footage of it including angry baffled players advising the referee on where his whistle should be your questions and answers to or on on via on on on on on this content

The Coalition government will crack down on foreign workers by forcing them to leave within 60 days instead of 90 if they lose their as Labor sells its own policy of a crackdown on foreign workers in north the measure will come into effect from 19 also comes as rural Liberals reminded both sides that 457 visa holders are essential for shortages in rural and regional The immigration Peter said the measure was designed to ensure the 457 program fulfilled the intention of supplementing rather than substituting the change is about reducing competition from overseas workers for those who are actively looking for new temporary parent visa threatens to create Read change was announced fewer than 24 hours after Liberal National party MP for wrote to the prime minister calling for a total ban on 457 visas in central and north said the regulation had been gazetted in He said Labor had extended the period once employment ceased to 90 days in 2013. also wrote to the deputy prime and the ministers for employment and requesting a moratorium on in the region hardest hit by the mining explosion of 457 workers that we saw under the Labor which peaked in saw many foreigners come to the region to take up jobs and many of those workers wrote on his has caused considerable resentment and public backlash in a community where workers have lost jobs and cannot find new 457 temporary work skilled visas are designed to filled temporary skills shortages and require sponsorship by an approved business and proof of skills to fill the position. Once the visa holder can work in for up to four bring in family to work or study and travel in and out of the country as often as they desire. If a job the visa holder must find new work within 90 days or the visa is Under Coalition that period would be cut to 60 days from 19 Tony Liberal MP for the South seat of said it was dangerous to foreign workers such as 457 visa who filled critical needs in rural and regional need a balanced particularly in regional areas they often fill critical needs whether it is at the hospital or on the factory needs to be conversation to make sure the system enjoys integrity and is fit for purpose but simply foreign such as health workers who make a difference in regional is said he had received an emails from constituents who were worried that a Coalition MP had called for 457 visas to be stopped. Of one from he said while the system has to have these visas a the former Liberal MP for who lives in said 457 visa holders were essential to fill temporary shortages in regional economies and both Labor and stance on the But dog whistles on 457. How proud must He is on unity ticket with One said that in one family had arrived as doctors and nurses and their community quickly grew to 160 people from the same district filling many health roles. now have an festival and we are proud to have them here and when you start pointing the finger you want to be bloody said the rush to politics was a mistake and an ugly look for think Trump it just shows what a shit candidate said. should not have been looked but this is an ugly look for Bill Shorten immediately claimed credit for the 457 visa saying had worked out the people want to people getting question you have to ask of Peter and as they are doing their window their fake support for workers is when Labor proposed to help improve the governance of the regulation of the visa system to make sure were getting looked after and not ripped off and they voted Shorten Shorten vows Labor will crack down on 457 visa program Read only reason they are trying to play catch up politics now is because they know Labor is the prime minister said Shorten was completely hypocritical on the issue. is just a distraction on the part of Shorten designed to cover up the divisions in the Labor party on the fundamental issue of national security and border Shorten should stop his hypocritical complaints about skilled migration and stand with the government in saying no to illegal saying no to people has committed to vote against the proposed lifetime visa ban on refugees on and immigration and on on via on on on on on this content

The 2016 election took place under the of a bubble. Not the mortgage lending bubble that shaped the 2008 but the Tens of millions of voters gets their news on where highly personalized news feeds dish up a steady stream of content that reinforces users are increasingly sheltered from opposing viewpoints and reliable news sources and the viciously polarized state of our national politics appears to be one of the results. Criticism of the filter which gained steam after the surprising has reached a new level of urgency in the wake of upset despite Mark denial it had any influence. did fake news and polarized politics get Trump Read test the effects of political polarization on we asked ten US voters five conservative and five liberal to agree to take a scroll on the other side during the final month of the created two accounts from scratch. our liked a variety of conservative news and from the Wall Street Journal and The Institution to News and Bill our preferred The New Mother Democracy Now and Think Progress. Rusty liked and the liked and Our liberals were given to the conservative and vice and we asked our participants to limit their news consumption as much as possible to the feed for the 48 hours following the third the reopening of the email and the all of our participants made it through to election day. might as well have been a said one of the after his first exposure to the feed. But eight of our made multiple forays into the feed and were interviewed three or four times one even said the experience influenced his final decision. how it impacted them the to St and to most of our participants were aware that they lived in a bubble. people have shared a story with me about the bus dumping human waste into the sewer said a farmer and radio host from central never see positive stuff about I know that Twitter a conservative farmer from central a comedian and writer who describes his political orientation as to the left of describes a similarly sheltered existence. I never see positive stuff about I know that farmer and radio find regular incredibly the native said. know Stein and I know but I know Trump Several participants said that they sought out opposing viewpoints outside of by watching Fox News a or reading High Country News a but most had a generally experience within news feed. I got any Trump supporters on my in the said a retired union organizer and liberal who lives in reading a book by a If there was one thing that our participants agreed it was that the feed other reads is largely wrong. like reading a book by a said Pines. hard to read something you know is a Twitter a conservative project manager in the construction industry. Photo courtesy of from St went a step like being locked into a room full of those suffering from paranoid she said that he found the feed was too and he was frustrated by the liberal attempts to and every negative story about a conservative project manager from New was frustrated by whole big brainwashing push to save the world from the horrible climate Both and Green agreed that a conservative feed in the run up to the election had more diversity of opinions than a liberal largely because Republicans were divided on supporting Trump while liberals were generally united behind see the issues being said of the liberal feed. though we can be hateful and at both ends of the conservative side talking about the issues a bit When Green returned to his regular liberal feed after the third he felt completely out of the loop with his topics of conversation. logged in and I was like bad nasty what is everyone talking hate several of our reading the alternative feed was not just but hurtful. How technology disrupted the truth Read hard for me to read some of said who is black. just a racist kind of and I think cleverly Pines was particularly pained by the way in which was portrayed by the which he described as and Tau a retired community organizer and activist from also had difficulty stomaching the feed. that they are saying is I fall under that said the hateful me. They hate me and my community and what I stand Twitter Tau a retired community organizer from Courtesy of Tau who owns a pet care service in found the on sites like just stopped. I look at it she said. But it only the liberals who found the experience painful. seeing a lot more hate from the liberal said all about how much of a misogynist Trump On her own found herself winnowing down her friends in order to avoid arguments. did a lot of friends because I want to feel enticed to correct what they were saying and get in a she said. I hated said a longtime conservative activist and member of for Trump from South seeing a psychiatrist trying to get over the shock and the hate from the she joked. thought this would be easier for me to because considered pretty open Twitter a longtime conservative activist. for the needle some of our checking out the other bubble only confirmed their commitment to staying inside their own. learned that on the are way more vicious and lack a certain maturity that I would expect of said after the election. just absolutely confirmed it ... They are irredeemable the liberal feed pulled me further to the said getting the I was drawn more and more to the conservative side. Instead of luring me it pushed me But some of our participants found greater understanding from the experiment. Twitter a found the on sites like Courtesy of said she was impressed by the of which uses like working class and jobs and economic stability. That promise is so great that it overshadows everything and I could see if the only thing that I I could understand. I could be Secret groups become activist is a Read whether that understanding had resulted in her having more empathy for Trump Lee know if there but working on it. I come from a place where I want to build a movement coming from love and so working on One of our said his time on the liberal page influenced his final decision. A rancher and attorney from is a registered Republican who was considering supporting the but ultimately chose not to vote for any presidential candidate. needle he said after his first exposure to the liberal feed. was kind of more undecided as I looked at it ... I was persuaded to think a really bad encounter any liberal news sources that convinced him to support but his time on the feed helped him realize that a Trump presidency could be dangerous. had to do with his overall temperament and decorum and he said. just reinforced for me the concern about what he might do with that much we should just his vote that for Since participating in the he a lot more interested in engaging with people who are open minded and are willing to talk about the whole Twitter a liberal from like being locked into a room full of those suffering from paranoid Courtesy of who currently relies on for of her said that she has concluded that the platform to filter out credible news articles on both ends and feed sensationalist far right have to be more proactive about getting good quality she said. said that exposure to the other side made her realize how difficult it might be to find common ground after the frightening to me to see how much the left and the right are divided right she said. To bring us back I know what going to the lessons of the election are more stark. we should stop having social he said. all the things that social media has done in terms of making it easier for me to stay in touch with someone that I was vaguely friends with in maybe the ability with social media for people to construct their own reality to create a mob is not worth elections on on via on on on on on this content

The outspoken Liberal National party backbencher has attacked a proposal by Labor to introduce a new parliamentary code of race ethics to counterbalance the return of One branding the concept correct social revealed on that Bill Shorten has asked to ask government to sign up to the proposed parliamentary which covers eight principles of tolerance and but said he seen it but it sounds like a politically socially engineering thing that led to the rise of in first to go as human rights confirms Read rebuff follows an internal debate in government ranks about the political perils of embracing with the Liberal backbencher some colleagues in the last parliamentary sitting week including for up to slapped declaring a correct and a member of an in who failed to respond to the feelings of their debate about the code of race ethics comes as Labor has launched a public petition against watering down the Racial Discrimination aiming to collect 20,000 signatures before the conclusion of the parliamentary wrote to supporters on arguing that public pressure would be critical to seeing off a renewed campaign to overhaul section of the launch follows a media campaign launched by Labor over the past week targeting and news messaging comes in response to significant from religious and racial minority groups. Indigenous and among have issued a statement saying they are that changes to section will send a signal that racism is acceptable in renewed campaign by government conservatives and the newspaper has sparked a fresh parliamentary inquiry into the examining whether sections and impose unreasonable restrictions on free will also examine whether the procedures of the Human Rights Commission should be a moral panic around is easier than solving our real problems Peter Lewis Read says it is unlawful for a person to do an act in public which is in all the circumstances to humiliate or another person or a group of people. Section makes exceptions for artistic event reports in the public interest and fair comment if it is in of a genuine held by the person making the told supporters in an email sent the community needed to rally to send the government a message against watering down hate speech time the Liberals tried to water down racial discrimination laws was two years ago under Tony Shorten said. how communities from dozens of different cultural backgrounds walked together in solidarity. They called it the walk for such strong community Tony backed down. we must raise our voices so that does the on on via on on on on on this content

My wife and I flew to for a winter walking in We had to fly back to the on the advice of hospital as my aunt had been taken seriously ill. My wife was her official next of kin and unofficial carer. She died before we arrived contacted our travel insurance from and were assured that we could make a claim. We sent the form and a medical report from the and informed us by phone that the claim had been approved. Days later we received another call from telling us that a mistake had been made and the claim was no longer approved because an aunt does not qualify as a I wrote to protest and received a further call from advising that an independent underwriter had agreed in the the aunt could be deemed to be a was then a further delay before we received a letter from once again disallowing the this time on medical grounds. We appealed and heard in spite of two further reminder letters. I asked for a copy of the complaints procedure and was told that my letters had not been replied to as the case That was last month. Since we have heard nothing. It appears to us we are being ignored. Insurance companies are notorious for wriggling out of claims but few duck and weave as shamelessly as this. is disinclined to explain how it plumbed such depths of customer service. It merely confusion around the of your claim which led to level of communication below usual the call handlers have been hauled in in the necessary to ensure your plight is not repeated. Within hours of my contacting the press office you were told that your claim would be settled in full with the excess waived as a goodwill finally been sent the complaints procedure with the assurance that the global travel complaints manager will handle your case personally. So it would be a happy save for the sneaky feeling that if run scared of a your laments would still echo through you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with on on via on on on on on this content

If buying clothes today is about creating a unique is The Secret Catalog the future of clothes Secret Catalog a physical and experience is the perfect marketing equation of membership and to create an experience that feels exciting and special. also when the shop launched people can buy items on a basis after ordering the winter and receiving the password. Twitter The Secret Catalog. Twitter The Secret Catalog. according to style website meets The Secret founder describes it as The accessories and are shot with a warm filter in soft pastel and presented in a layout that shares the same quality of Rookie. This warm and fuzzy feel is underlined by the theme of the Winter which seems increasingly important as the year tumbles along. The retro quality is also highlighted by the fact you have to order using a physical reminding hipsters of a certain age of the joys of Twitter The Secret Catalog. who runs the company out of heartland in says she wanted to return to a era. wanted to connect with customers in a more personal she says via email. all the time we spend looking at an object like a print connects us to something tactile it helps us consider and be methods of buying clothes are falling by the wayside with high streets across the country resembling visions of dystopia. As destination shops as diverse as and Apparel finding it difficult to attract customers into people are looking for alternative shopping as the success of and have highlighted. adds as we live more and more of our lives there will be an emphasis on shopping experiences that are more personal. In the future will everyone be shopping with The Secret think business will try to craft interactions with customers that are and she says. With the likes of Gap already offering it seems more than on on via on on on on on this content

The Department of Immigration and Border Protection has denied suggestions it sought to delay access to information about asylum seekers on after receiving a letter from the saying a lag was due to a mistake made by a a public hearing of the Administrative Appeals which reviews government lawyers for the department attributed the delay in fulfilling a freedom of information application to a simple they argued the should be appealed on the grounds it could reasonably be expected to damage international a concern that since March. can categorically deny that any inference that can be taken from the evidence before the tribunal that been some sort of deliberate tactic to delay the official says department is release of documents about Read comes two weeks after a department official accidentally sent an email to Guardian about the of freedom of information department is seeking an extension to appeal the information decision on a freedom of information request made by the lawyer about the number of asylum seekers or refugees on who identify as a specific language religion and is representing a woman who was raped and became pregnant during her time as an asylum seeker on She made the in 2015 to assist in a high court application to prevent the who was flown to to have the pregnancy from being returned to argued that the delay in receiving information prejudices her who could be deported to on 72 appeal period on the information decision expired in but the department did not lodge its application with the tribunal until 14 reading from a statement by the assistant director of the said the file had been by a and that only became aware of the mistake when sent a letter on 18 referred to the information being sought as and said it was both private personal which the information commissioner and too impersonal to be relevant to counsel for said a like the department ought to be able to meet procedural other in my respectful would not be given the indulgence of referring to and blaming a nameless third party for failing to take appropriate she said the move to block the release of the information under section 33 of the Freedom of Information which refers to international was not cache of 2,000 leaked reports reveal scale of abuse of children in offshore detention Read about the diplomatic impact of the information appears to coincide with Guardian publication on of the a collection of more than 2,000 documents that alleged abuse and mistreatment of asylum seekers in the offshore processing 26 the tribunal two weeks after the files were the government sent a letter requiring they be informed of information requests about the offshore government ought to be given the opportunity to have something to say about what the consequences might be for itself and for the third party if the information was to be deputy hearing the reserved her immigration and on on via on on on on on this content

A petition calling for fossil fuel lobbyists to be excluded from the climate change negotiations has been forced into the hands of the US delegation in where almost 200 nations are meeting to work out ways to implement the 2015 agreement to limit greenhouse gas US delegation initially said it could not formally receive the petition signed by more than 500,000 people but later contacted Corporate Accountability agreeing to receive it on development followed a side event on at the meeting in headed by the where parties to the agreement and met to discuss why a conflict of interests policy was needed and what it might look climate change action despite Trump Read spearheaded by Corporate Accountability calls for the Framework Convention on Climate Change to create a policy that would screen participants of meetings for conflicts of was written in support of moves by and other developing nations representing the majority of the who tried to initiate a conflict of interests policy in argued that groups representing fossil fuel whose net worth can be larger than the of developing and who have funded climate change should not be allowed in policy negotiations without being screened for conflicts of move was blocked by delegations representing rich nations including the the and which argued that the negotiations should be and that there was no clear definition of a of stand with the governments calling for an end to big polluter conflicts of interest at the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate the petition reads. order for the to create strong climate policy that protects people and the planet from climate we need to remove big polluters from the policymaking a the lead negotiator for the delegation much is at stake to continue allowing the biggest polluters and their agents to undermine this said the responsibility of saving the planet could not be left up to industries and their corporate powers that got us from Corporate Accountability International said he and a group of activists from around the world took the US delegation by surprise in walked into the US delegation walked right across the threshold and started talking to the first person we ran into about what we were there to group was then taken to a meeting with press who took the petition but told the group they could not officially receive it. A press adviser later emailed saying she would be able to accept it at on local said the group would take the opportunity to discuss the issue with the US said the the business models of fossil fuel companies was premised on the exact activity that is causing climate change. can have Shell and talking about being part of the solution but money he said. not what their intention climate talks an emotional ride as reports show need to end coal power Read said the issue was particularly important after the election of Trump in the hard to believe that the US delegation is excited to carry out the future Trump assault on climate he said. the best thing they can do for the planet is to stop blocking the policies that will help ensure that and the fossil fuel industry tied himself have as little influence on the as the Like Minded Group of Developing Countries a collection of more than 20 countries representing most of the population pushed for a report to be prepared examining how United Nations system and other intergovernmental forums identify and the risk of conflicts of call was blocked by rich countries but several developing nations rose to speak passionately about the including and handing the petition to the US Corporate Accountability International is planning a protest action on the issue later this climate change conference on on via on on on on on this content

The challenge of fake and misleading news has come to the fore in the wake of the US presidential election. has bore the brunt of the criticism that it allowed misinformation to spread unfettered on its skewing perceptions and possibly the outcome of the election something Mark vehemently did fake news and polarized politics get Trump Read pressure on and the social network has promised to do more to eliminate hoaxes like has blocked fake news sites from its ad network. The latter should strangle websites that deliberately publish misleading content by cutting off their advertising despite these is unlikely to explore the many options available to it because it simply has very little motivation to do experts Mark is being polite about absolutely no way that will start preventing people from sharing what they want to share. the core idea of the said writer and professor Clay who studies social business model relies on people sharing and engaging with content news and gossip regardless of veracity. trade untrue stories that encapsulate things they believe about the world all the he said. is in the business of letting people share stuff they are interested any of that sharing interferes with core user behavior. share stuff because their mom might like it. My mom likes the she likes Trump so be pleased that the pope supports he in reference to a widely shared piece of that falsely claimed the head of the Catholic church endorsed Trump. People feel duped. We love bedtime stories. We want someone telling us our cherished beliefs are academic and make sense for to apply traditional news publishing values such as verification to the network where a the Frog can carry as much currency as a New Times is only motivated to censor content when it makes users which is why it efficiently polices content it deems to contain violence and harassment. But people want to avoid being who are told the pope supports their candidate feel said. love bedtime stories. We want someone telling us which of our cherished beliefs are highlights the absurdity of the task with a thought experiment. for a adding a line to every story about saying no scientific evidence that came back from the acknowledges the dilemma of websites that purposefully create fake news to game the system for clicks and advertising revenue. he places the onus on the source of the story the website creating the content rather than the place it is being is an example of mass millions of amateur publishers sharing content. simply cannot behave like a professional he said. yet if society have a place that polices true it will be a terrible loss for to spot fake tackle the problem who Trust Project thinks it has some of the answers. Launched in the coalition of more than 60 news media outlets the as well as academics and social has tried to restore the trusted role of the press in civic life. The coalition aims to establish clear guidelines and trust metrics that could help both consumers and technology companies through their ranking algorithms by giving more weight to higher quality burgeoning and chaotic news it is difficult to parse truth from wisdom from spin. Legacy digital media sponsored content and social media clamor for our the and Sally said when it have seen a decline in trust in the media over a period of decades and the polarization across what types of media are told the Guardian. very high trust of Fox News among conservatives who say they trust the media in general. Liberals are more likely to trust the particularly and the New she citing the 2015 digital news news is part of the but also news poorly sourced and as well as advertising and propaganda. We are trying to help people identify the Twitter news is part of the but also news poorly sourced and as well as advertising and with news organizations across the US and as well as interviews with the the Trust Project compiled a priority list of possible trust indicators. These include getting news organizations to meet a set of best practices including having an ethics diversity policy and revealing ownership structure and funding indicators include author biographies covering areas of expertise and citations and and labels to indicate whether a piece is opinion or whether a story contains original whether it includes diverse whether a way for members of the public to provide feedback to the newsroom and whether reporters are local to the news indicators should be useful to both members of the public and the algorithms that rank and distribute news including those developed by Twitter and Trust Project has organized a at the end of to see if these indicators can be incorporated into newsroom and easily surfaced on distribution been talking to social media including Twitter and to get them on and all expressed a lot of interest. like to see how we can work together to implement and find ways to apply the would still have to incorporate these new signals into its but it have to make individual editorial per though already doing this in some If we can stop why not fake in it for Investor and writer Om thinks that might be motivated to change to avoid looking is a company that talks about artificial intelligence and the idea that it deal with fake news shows not intelligent at all. super he said. I am running a platform a huge difference between the the New Times and fake sites spreading staff mount secret push to tackle fake reports say Read in his should treat fake news in the same way that email providers treat keep getting in email and yet we are able to stop it. There have to be solutions to information inside platforms like suggests that is commercially motivated to keep fake news on the platform. long as people are engaged and stay on the it works for as demonstrated by a people do care about the spread of false information on Some of people said that should filter out fake news stories and the long the spread of misinformation could erode trust in the entire system. wash their hands and want to said. should we then believe any video stream or any brand that appears on the stern thinks that the fake news fiasco is a temporary though he says he welcomes the pressure being applied by the media trying to encourage it to be more thoughtful about the quality and influence of the content shared on its the problem is much bigger than and is actually about the way that the challenges traditional institutions in this case the media. In this way he reflects some of the challenges faces. an institution lasts a long society layers a whole bunch of rules and regulations on top of that institution. When the institution those rules and regulations he pointing to problems dealing with racism among its hosts. allow individual homeowners to say who can and stay in their home. We require hotels to offer accommodations to people with no regard to race. So what happens when you build a hotel out of individual hotel current structural challenge is misinformation. simply take the rules of the old institution and slap it onto news ones. This requires a deep absorbed the news media and now we want them to behave like editors. impossible to elections on on via on on on on on this content

And salvage an unlikely draw with two late England were the better team for the first 89 and will feel rather aggrieved at the result. But look on the bright played very well indeed against still unbeaten under and at least this happen to them against leads the way but England held by Read more What drama knock it around a then launch it long down the channel. chests down as he strides into the turns brilliantly from the tightest of nutmegs at the near post to scores the late The ball goes through legs and into the back of the net. interim boss looks gutted. Tom for the Guardian 90 min this is a tense end we But eats up plenty of the clock with a long dribble down the right. He finds in the but the offside. 90 min They nearly let it cuts inside from the left and tees up the ball for who is tearing into the area. He must But put off by Stones. His shot is deflected wide and nothing comes of the corner. 90 There will be five added minutes. Cue quite a loud symphony of whistling. England have been far the better be sick if they let this slip. This is a is surrounded on the edge of the box as England pour forward. dispossessed. break. dribbles down the cuts gets Stones backtracking and and curls a beauty into the top left a magnificent though Stones gave him all opportunity to shoot. is beaten by a sublime shot by 87 On the Independent Television has given the award to Seems fair enough. 85 keep coming at England is buzzing around in his trademark determined style but the home side are holding looking determined and competent. 83 Corner for down the left. takes another dreadful set and easily hacked clear by first man Meanwhile a lesson in perspective from only thing that depresses me more than Trump and I mean this is the prospect of returning for England to play that vital tripartite role dropping deep to play short balls back to the original swinging long balls from one side of the pitch to the precisely but for no good and trapping it like Palmer in the box. I remember a story about pledging to pay Noel to off when he was at Can we do the same with 81 A free kick for to the left of the England D. looks for the top but only batters his effort straight into poor startled grid. 79 Rose is replaced by it too early to declare England officially and in line for guaranteed success in all competitions for the foreseeable and wonders in a email which carries the equally wry heading to win all upcoming 78 slips a lovely ball down the channel to release on goal. But the got and broken too early. though was out quickly to smother anyway. going right for this evening. They replace with 76 Rose tears down the left at warp and is scythed down by on the just as the England man looks to cut sharply inside and towards the box. A booking. The resulting free which is effectively a leads to a which leads to Rose miles wide right from 20 yards. Ah he started after all. 74 has been quietly effective tonight. Here he slips a pass down the channel to release into the area. a bit and while the striker does brilliantly to bring the ball under control and round on the he quite keep it from going out of play before he can hook it into the A fine though. beats to the ball but keep it in play. 72 combines with down the and finds himself in acres of space in the He seem to believe and allowing to nick the ball away. England had men in the middle there. 71 A little bit of pressure earns a corner down the left. From a bit of a scuffle in the but dig the ball from under his feet to get an effective shot away. a final phase of cutting in from the left and shooting low from the edge of the but straight at who does what he has to do and smothers well. 68 been some evening for who walks off the pitch ten feet taller. A goal and an assist. And smiling and everyone on the having been replaced by 66 is immediately into the sliding a pass from deep down the channel and very nearly releasing into the box. is offside. responds by gently shoving the linesman in the and is rather unsurprisingly booked. 65 Another couple of changes by and go and come on. Meanwhile England replace Sterling with All that over the PA has totally jiggered the atmosphere generated by the Wave. 63 having said gifts the ball in the middle of the park to who slips away down the inside left. just about manages to round on the but left with too much to do to find in the and Nacho hacks clear from danger. goes round but can only cut the ball back to Nacho. 62 and their way down the middle and nearly break into the England but is on hand to step in and batter clear. are getting back into their groove a little. 60 has a batter from 20 but it goes straight down throat. 59 Rose upends down the right. Free kick. lumps it Stones nuts it purposefully clear. The crowd are entertaining themselves with one of the loudest waves since the late really going for it. People having a good time watching England To repeat my question of 17 I wonder if is tuned to 56 A bit of opens England up down the inside right. has a batter towards the bottom but blocks well. The rebound falls to who faces an open goal but under pressure from over the bar. respond by replacing with 54 are playing very poorly. Passing it around to no great effect whatsoever. got their classic blue shorts so swings and roundabouts. is free to be outraged about the amount of roadworks in right suggests Sawyer. most of the are because is an old Roman town so every time the diggers go in they find Roman ruins that need to be carefully excavated. So difficult to be too outraged. hang Sterling follow a bit of trickery with a pass straight to a Perhaps could start Apart from I think of any events in the last week that could provide opportunity for him to vent his outraged 51 appear to have given up the ghost completely. Already. It should be 3-0. romps into acres of space down the and slips a ball to his right for who is clear in the box. attempts to thread a shot into the bottom but not having and parries. a second phase from the and yanks a decent wide left from the edge of the but who looks the most frustrated after that little spell. This is a great to the right of the penalty chips to the far post where launches himself and a diving header into the portion of the net. a He celebrates by standing Mannequin still. His goal drought is over. gets in front of to head home. Tom for the Guardian celebrates with teammates and Sterling. Images And off A couple of changes by England. Tom comes on for while replaces Meanwhile swap and in of and an immediate burst by who goes for the bottom right but only forces a from which nothing comes. A former England captain said his goodbyes to Galaxy today. Graham seem all that unhappy to see was a much better tourist than a player in LA Read more Rose is booked for stepping on toe. swings a free kick into the England box from the right. Rose makes up by heading clear. And a very decent half from England. been much but England have been effervescent in with and the injured all impressive. is 45 minutes away from the England by the looks of it. we can hand out man of the match awards at this early begins clear at least on the is could be 45 minutes away from succeeding Big Tom for the Guardian 45 There will be two added minutes of this first half. 44 rolls a fine ball down the right to release into a pocket of space. He reaches the byline and pulls a low one back for who has a chance to shoot but and gone. have been mediocre going forward. 42 Rose steals the ball brilliantly off a dawdling in the circle. He lays off to who in turn shuttles the ball down the inside left for But the chance to release the striker into the area is gone when the pass is undercooked. Fine pressing by though. no poppies and no and a disappointing early lead can you suggest what I should be outraged about asks want to wait until the as I could be tweeting 39 Sterling looks on his game though. Once more he races into space down the and his low cross nearly finds in the middle. Nacho slides in to hack out for a corner on the right. From the set tries to guide one into the top left from 12 but the ball is never quite under control and he scoops it harmlessly wide left. England look very lively in attack. Sterling is handled by Tom for the Guardian 37 Space for Sterling down the left. He whips a low cross towards the quiet in the slides in to deflect the ball left of out for a corner. No and that would have been a simple The resulting corner on the left leads to a free kick on the right. into the box is only half but Sterling on the edge of the area and is dispossessed. He looks relieved as and fail to piece a together. 35 This has been a entertaining so been long overdue a lull. Here it 32 Make that three goes into the notebook for a cynical slide that stops bursting down the left. The free swung into the box and dealt with easily enough by the home 30 A couple of at Sterling sees yellow for his boot on top of he can have no it a good challenge. Then brings down as the England sub looks to zip into a lot of space down the right. He moan either. But nice to see the referee forget his entire kit and caboodle tonight. fouls and earns himself a yellow. Tom for the Guardian 28 is afforded a little time and space in a central 30 yards from goal. He slips a pass along the slight diagonal towards racing down the channel and into the box. Too goal kick. Had that been better England were in all sorts of trouble. 27 fannies around on the halfway allowing to steal the ball off him and tear clear down the left wing. Not much wrong with the but is for pulling the England to the ground. a generous decision. 25 goes down and rolls his socks around his ankles. Penny for his and with a visit back to his old club scheduled for the weekend. He walks limping lightly but not looking concerned. Though time will obviously tell. will come on in his stead. 23 takes a heavy touch while around out on the left. The busy nips off with the loose and is brought down by the errant for his trouble. That should be a really. Like and before can count himself rather lucky. 20 Sterling makes off down the left and wins the first corner of the game. takes then a pass is shuttled back down the field to whose cross is no good. Within the back at the feet of Hart. Not but England are a work in progress after all. slides in to challenge Sterling. Tom for the Guardian 17 has been right off the boil so far this but he looks back to his best right now. He skates down the left and very nearly executes a sharp with Sterling. Not but have been in a dangerous area had that little caper come off. a expansive start by the players running scampering like joyous pups in a ad. I wonder if is 15 finally put something together. slides a pass down the right for who breaks into the area and pulls the ball back towards the penalty spot for has time to take a but having made space drags a woefully weak effort wide left of the target. But that was England were opened up there with some ease. 13 look a little rattled. Times huh. looks to break with purpose down the but sticks to his task. Just for a the visitors were light at the back. 11 And all of a confident passing becomes slightly ragged. loses the ball in the middle of the park. looks to slide Rose clear down the but he was standing half a yard offside when he received the ball in the first place. As is playing with bags of confidence right now. A very different player from the one who struggled in his first year at is rewarded for that superlative pass with the chance to score from the spot. He takes roofing his penalty into the top right. had no chance. England have hardly seen the but look at the fires his penalty to left ... Tom for the Guardian The keeper guesses correctly but the penalty is too high for him and England have the lead. Tom for the Guardian celebrates with Sterling and Tom for the Guardian 8 pinches possession down the and curls a gorgeous low pass into the The ball evades the desperate lunge of and clear in the He looks to round on the right. The keeper brings him and is slightly lucky to avoid a card. Nacho covering in the middle saves his skin. But a goes down after challenge. Images 6 continue to pass it round quite a lot. cuts in from the left and looks for slides in to and a pretty robust challenge with his studs up. He gets the ball and but he also those studs on shin. a nasty but the contact was accidental. Looks like the will be gets a quiet from the referee. The resulting free kick is a waste of time and energy. 3 England really had a touch yet. A lot of tippy at the back. But breaking method in this patient tactic. have strides down the right and floats a ball towards the far post for Hart comes off his line to claim because for a second it looked like the ball would land on whereupon it would be into the net with some purpose. And get the ball rolling. has the and he knocks it back towards 20 seconds of at the then launches it long. Too long. Hart gathers. A slightly muted atmosphere at a result of only bringing 500 fans with them. The teams are England are playing in their classic white shirts with powder blue while sport their furious red. An aesthetic delight. Anthems are hands will be given a good old shake. be off in a love but reminds me of the nice man at the funeral who helps you pick out the the glorious tingle of you just taste And why he made an excessive amount of changes from the game. looking for stability. If a player coming into the good to have some consistency around it gives them the best chance of succeeding. also still building how we want to so that continuity is important. is a player we think a lot and his time will but tonight I wanted to give a run. technical ability with the ball is a leader in how we want to and set the tone in that. We have a young team who are keen to and are keen to show what they can do with the ball. We have all the but the arrives at looking for stability. Images Meanwhile the starting of City makes it despite struggling with a toe injury. goalkeeper once of gets his first start in a couple of years ahead of United octopus And up the veteran replaces The selection of is a lovely little and one told here by our very own It completes an astonishing period for the Athletic striker. He became the first to score five goals in a game for half a century in 5-3 win over on the same night that he became a father for the second time. He then came on as a substitute and scored for against aged 35 years 275 days. That saw him break which had stood since was only second goal for his having gone almost six years without a between his first cap in 2010 and his return in after his goalscoring record improved following his 30th birthday. Although he went to did not make first squad but was called up for these two fixtures. The manager called him an England starting makes three changes to the side that saw off that shower masquerading as and are welcomed to the replacing Kyle Walker and The respectively. Substitutes and warm up before the match. got here far too we. Nothing much to other than read the match FA chairman written a piece for I you should have stayed for another there was plenty of time. But here now. So it. While the result is always tonight might also be an opportunity for one or two players to stake a claim at international no one knows the young talent better than after a year to remember at development team still over an hour until Plenty of time to nip back out for another quick swallow. Go on. finish this and still be here when you get back. We began our senior action for the year with a game in last March and that thrilling 3-2 victory against the reigning world champions was cause for plenty of justified will continue to seek to measure ourselves against the leading as we also did here a year ago this month when we came out 2-0 winners over on an emotional those results optimism for 2016 and we will always look back on the past 12 months with a sense of what might have was there in as a fan like was disappointed with how the tournament given our qualification record and the talent we undoubtedly is definitely a case of looking forward now and we will sit down after this fixture to consider our options with regard to the England manager and with full gratitude to and his staff for their work. Friendlies might not get the juices flowing quite like a good old competitive but they have their time and place. Like whenever England meet for example. These two rarely pull up trees when it means something. eased England out of the 1950 World Cup in uneventful England did for in the in 1980 and but you have written home on any and the pair bored the world to tears at 82. No but no thank fixtures between the two are another however. In scored a couple of late goals to turn a 3-2 deficit into a 4-3 the amateur condemning England to their defeat by continental opposition. Two years England got their revenge in spectacular Dean one of the scorers in a 7-1 win at Tom missed a penalty at in 1955 but Final hero Bill scored twice and England won 4-1 anyway. Jimmy was on the in 1960 as England won 4-2 against a team containing the original and for goodness sake. scored four on his own against a side built around the in 1987. scored in a 3-0 romp for new England manager in 2001. And have won four of the five meetings since more often than not giving the the right old on board for anything like any of us too. Here we is at over in

This REM come to Not to play a reunion but to talk about their career and the 25th anniversary of their album Out of which is getting the deluxe reissue also on 18 and Mike Mills from the band will be in conversation with the John and we will stream the event live on our page. and Mills will also be taking your questions. So if something you desperately want to ask them about the contrary career of one of the most unlikely superstar bands in pop email your question on Out of Time at the voice of a generation is not a pretty place to Read told our own can fuck with people if gonna be And we were always about it. We would go on stage and perform the four songs everyone knew. This was 1987. We would open the set with the four songs everyone then the real you can stay. Everyone else go go drink somewhere go flirt somewhere else But we were always and we were always pushing ourselves to do things differently. To not have the same every to not allow it to become a job. We were throwing marbles under our feet at every turn to try to trip to try to not allow it to become quotidian. Is that the promises to be a fascinating event especially because it is their first chance to speak about So tune in on and Mills take to the stage at and see what they have to say about the life of REM and the state of the and on on via on on on on on this content

YOUR HOMEWORK FOR THIS Fiver going too far out on a limb when it suggests the are better at football than the England have only one major trophy to show for 144 years of trying. By have claimed three in the last 101 months alone. That particular run of success stands as arguably the greatest achievement in the entire history of the given they parlayed all their prizes from a bunch of monotonous 1-0 wins that made Arsenal look like Bill hold this is supposed to be a it. been very impressive. Sheer genius. Pure masses cannot mask apathy and unloved international football Read could certainly learn a thing or two from them. oh Good Here they ready to put on their latest tactical masterclass at You good players no longer turn up to strut their stuff or sashay like or or back in the day. in accordance with the prevailing mood and they hold seminars and So after the niceties no national the band of the Guards will simply play the jingle for the Open University will begin their tutorial by stroking the ball back and forth between the lines in a highly technical fashion. student and will diligently fill his with notes about observations on and a reminder to give John Stones a clip round the ear followed by an urgent lesson on the benefits of giving it a Good Old will be taking themselves quite as seriously is another matter. Most of their usual suspects are either knacked or have been given permission to put their feet up for this so may hand debuts to the likes of and and see how things pan out. Both players practically guarantee entertainment is always worth watching as he dutifully explores new methods of sparking almighty rumbles in empty while the entire stadium will be desperately willing to take a cheeky quick corner although such shenanigans are unlikely to help finish the essay he has to hand in to the FA on the final whistle. hope for his sake and that flippant nonsense such as fun and excitement are kept to a ON BIG from for hot coverage of England 0-2 OF THE a free day he who want to have before midnight because you must have a good He did that with who since then was not injured and whom he had put on the bench at one and made him understand certain reveals Pep City ban on making the beast with two or more backs after musings especially his comment that like the one against have nothing to do with professional one was struck by two the first being of a pedantic namely that playing a team made up of accountants and carpenters quite obviously has nothing to do with professional football as hardly needed to be stated. Fiver readers respond to its contents by missives like this one have nothing to do with We hold these truths to be and all that. But the more interesting thought prompted by was professional We can see that playing isolated mountainous hamlets cut the mustard but what separates professional football from not professional Is it a straightforward divide or is it more of a continuum with Him at the jumpers for goalposts at the bottom and amateurs mixing it with the big boys like somewhere in is the actual sporting aspect the key consideration at sponsored a crushing sense of ennui is in these metrics we should be If the recent election in and the campaign has taught us it is surely that every issue must have one clear with no room for to see a Smog lyric in last line. from a footballing the of Cold Blooded Old Times song whence those lyrics contains two prescient referencing future events in a song about and another about that supporter Break your cousin Wizard Fiver be launching a daily digest of The Premier I probably other will be looking forward to a daily with knack reports which might include and or spells which banish managers away from the Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND has activated his itchy trigger finger getting rid of after 16 matches in meaning are looking to fill the role for a seventh time since their owner took over in 2014. club would like to thank for his tireless work during his time at The particularly the processes and disciplines he has instilled at the training and wishes him well for the trilled a club suit. Twitter A sticker at The Valley with comedian on urging and to do one. scored two penalties but could only record a 2-2 draw at in their World Cup the one scored twice to burst England bubble as inflicted a first defeat in 16 matches. is ready to climb aboard the Express after holding talks with Fire. trying to keep myself fit for the situation in which I am he cooed. Frank has had enough of have very much enjoyed my and I am very grateful to have had the opportunity to play for such a great he blahed. has given the kiss of death by backing rivals as real possibles for the Premier League title. have been impressed by so he that is not what you might expect the manager to say but they have been playing some very good football and deserve to be at the will risk the wrath of and throw into action against on despite a reported of the clubs can remain we are very respectful of our trilled will never force any player who has not got the medical WANT England v and Tactics are among the apocalyptic scenarios conjured in latest cartoon. Twitter Here you go. Squires for the is so tactics guru 3-4-2-1 is where at. And he explains precisely why suits are doing their damnedest to fill for England and writes but a sense of importance and excitement is missing as apathy surrounds the international talks sunflower seeds in his with before the lukewarm international friendly with of the Swan taking on the Lion in a mascot Lord fuming at a coach driver sitting in his and Bobby foray into the industry are among the choice episodes in Nick new book of football anecdotes. Read about them canning of FA Cup replays gets short shrift from who reminds us of the many epic matches replays have brought and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND on on via on on on on on this content

Bee has criticized first confirmed cabinet choices and rumored candidates as a of zealots and the latest episode of Full Frontal with the comedian joked that Trump is assembling a White House staff after has told him a thing presidents have to Oliver on misogynist is president Read spoke about the reality controversial choice to hire as his top referring to him as milkshake that brings all the to the went on to criticize for refusing to denounce after he claimed he speak on his extreme views because he know guess vigorous vetting process for determining whether someone is bad consists of two have I met them and do they have a private email she said. Twitter She spoke about the mixture of career politicians and unlikely wondering if this combination would appeal to his voters. so just as likely to elect a rabid possum in hopes that it would bite she said. the got zero qualifications but loyal and what matters when staffing your Sopranos pork store on also brought up the decision to place many people in positions where they have little direct cabinet list just a nightmare a nightmare is running out of almond milk at a brunch party. This is a nightmare for anyone who thinks job candidates should have relevant experience and education beyond the qualification of being named she was also time to call out the retired brain surgeon who is rumored for a role in the government. Twitter rocket will no longer use brain surgeon as a for she said. now when we call someone a real brain it means political only in the public eye because Republicans think liberals care only about identity politics and will be happy with any zombie who kind of looks like ended with the warning of a of zealots and extremists come could be packing their bags for the White on on via on on on on on this content

is listing some of the topics covered by the novels published. Beneath the Darkening about a child soldier in Running the about the war in When she mentions the her with whom she founded the independent publisher Publications 30 years raises his eyebrows. has to be genital really cheerful things to ease you into he Sellout rips up rulebook for what fiction looks like Read it is that makes acquire the fiction she clearly working. She is the editor responsible for acquiring and publishing the last two winners of the Man Booker A Brief History of Seven a account of the attempted murder of Bob which judges called last and satire of racial politics in The which the jury compared to Swift and Twain when it won the award in It was turned down 18 times before it reached an incredible achievement for any let alone one the size of its staff currently hovers around and only started publishing fiction in meet a few days after Booker win. A new printing of The Sellout is piled in the corner of the rushed through a reprint following its and and are slowly emerging from a flood of congratulatory emails. is now expecting a We have received so many emails about says Twitter felt his book was so first writer to win the Man Booker prize. for the couple met as students in the late studying going on to work in accountancy. married me because she wanted to go to says deadpan. said we had an oil well in our back garden and she believed all that. She wanted a free translator and a green was very keen to go and study the tribes in but he still taken says moved to for work. brought up their four children until life as a housewife began to and in 1986 they decided to give publishing a try. gave up work and we went into this and soon after that we stay there and moved to says I did the introduction to publishing he did the introduction to the children in they set up an computer in their dining room and dipped their toes in the water. They knew exactly what kind of books they were aiming to nonfiction for a broad was no so there was no way of filling that says went into and said really interested in And the complete works of or an text There was nothing in between. So we really wanted to get academics to write for a broad audience. Our job was to seek out academics and ask them to write and then do a lot of editing and help them to understand broad audiences no no make it Twitter could have filled the niche quicker if gone to Mark nothing about publishing did the introduction to publishing and he did the introduction to they approach agents. they went directly to authors and built their list a book at a could have filled the niche quicker if gone to agents but it just a world we were familiar with. They know us and we know them. We start seeking out agents until 15 years says think one of the reasons we did start going to agents was because see books on other lists that we felt would have been perfect for but people know us and what we were has covered topics from psychology to politics and art. This it acquired the Panama Papers at the Book and had it in bookshops in seven weeks. translated it from edited typeset proofread it and indexed it and printed it in that says had five translators. They worked over the weekends to get it done. We were proud of the publishers still know what type of book will fit their list. think people see us as quite and tried quite hard over the last 10 years to broaden our list. doing more on nature and history and because really about making information and ideas as accessible to as broad an audience as says actually say an actual For us not a question of how do we publish more that looking for diversity all the is largely why they took the step into fiction in more than two decades after was founded. take you into another world or another culture and bring it home to you in a way that you with the characters and therefore you remember the issues and think about says you take The if done a nonfiction book on racism which we actually X people will read it. But if you do a particularly a satirical novel that really points some quite sharp fingers at what is going on set in but applicable to a degree to most countries in the world a lot more people will read and it gives them a chance to with the people experiencing put the word out that it was looking for was offered novelist The Book of Night which went on to become the first novel published. just thought I believe this is on the but it had been turned down by everybody it was seen as very much an or says. Set on a slave plantation at the end of the 19th century and written entirely in pidgin says she have chosen a more perfect first Twitter who won the 2015 Man Booker prize for fiction for A Brief History of Seven Killings. Clay for the years would go on to win the 2015 Man Booker for his third A Brief History of Seven a victory followed up by The Sellout in 2016. Like previous The Sellout had also been widely turned down by publishers until was alerted to its existence by the literary editor and acquired it shortly felt his book was so and I just think satire is a very clever way of making your point. You can read it as a funny book or as a book with some really serious things to say. I felt it was the right book for the both in with the racial element affecting the and here with and the rise in hate says We're looking for diversity all the time. It's possible agents and booksellers don't see the world the way we the was publishing four or five novels a year. up to on a list of 60 new titles next year. Coming the independent publisher has a host of novels it is hoping will be contenders for the Man Booker International prize for translated fiction including author writer and author Fever fiction makes absolute because if you limit yourself to the language you cannot express the different views of people all over the and the says us not a question of how do we publish more that looking for diversity all the time... possible agents and booksellers see the world the way we but I hope is clear that the novels she chooses fiction list is purely down to taste are those which something important to but not in a worthy has to be great really good a strong a strong and something else about it that makes you that stays with that you mull she says. you look at and both of them have that edginess to them that is this is opening a world that you ought to see and that you probably aware and what makes it special for me. not saying everybody buys books like but to me what makes it great although maybe what makes it risky for everybody but Man Booker prize pitches tiny publishers into big league Read the success two consecutive Booker wins have brought them A Brief History of Seven Killings has sold around 360,000 copies to and The Sellout is at the top of the books charts since its win and have no wish to sell up and become part of a large corporate entity. Thirty years the couple still share an and still believe remaining independent is the way to think either of us are very admits lot of small get bought and then you just lose your sense of purpose and your it gets corrupted. We are very fortunate that within reason we can buy what we like. I can take a risk because my money ... I would struggle if I had to pitch some of my choices to a roomful of largely men basically trying to get me to defend why a book is and on on via on on on on on this content

Welcome to Where nuclear and are all up for review. A place where Trump is is pal and the most senior White House advisers are from the political not a place some US voters had expected to find themselves before last the bureau was not entirely surprised. Having throughout over the course of two first with Democratic contender Sanders and later and having attended hundreds of rallies in witnessed the discontent in the most contested states. We feature his writing on the front page of our 18 the first in print to report on the US elections week we had a special update for 18 edition has been expanded by four pages so that we can put the US election into a truly global perspective. International domestic response and financial implications have all been by the extensive network of foreign correspondents. We also bring you the finest in opinion writing from the very thoughtful and 10 pages of US election coverage leap from strength to got the rest of the world the government and rebels agreed a new peace accord after an earlier deal was rejected. In New rescue and recovery efforts were under way after a strong earthquake. And in memorials were held a year after the multiple terror attacks across that claimed 130 lives. Your Weekly team has been flat out ensuring captured this most remarkable week in the life of the expect some of you will have thoughts to share on recent events. Please do send your letters for publication by clicking here or emailing also some great reading on our feature pages. Review probes the concept of western Discovery finds that border walls and barriers are bad for and Culture catches up with musician albums who is back in the week also saw the passing of singer and poet who died at the age of 82. given over our back page to remembering a man who used words and tunes in a poignant manner to make sense of a bewildering tried with this edition to dispel some of the bewilderment. How did we Drop me a line with feedback on the editorial content by clicking here. And thank you for supporting the Guardian Guardian on on via on on on on on this content

that you Another social media furore surrounding the of course. This New Balance trainer fans unhappy that comments from the company seemed to show support for head of public told the Wall Street Journal a day after the administration turned a deaf ear to with we feel things are going to move in the right read the room. Or at read the room of the ethnically sneaker fans who have seen the revival from running choice to Hackney masses have been taking to Twitter to swear off the brand for torching their as if in a version of The Wicker Man. But will this upset throw New Balance off ask the company to clarify its statement. a spokesman tells the were only in the context of the topic of and nothing That is to New Balance does not support Trump. In the company reassures me that it not tolerate bigotry or hate in any and is and culture that believes in community and mutual respect for people around the Which sound very topic of trade under discussion is the Partnership a potential deal that would lower tariffs on imports to the US from certain and which New Balance has long opposed. This is because New Balance produces many of its shoes in the US. such as are largely import companies. is a vigorous supporter of Balance does make things in other too which would fall under but is proud of its five factories based in New where it has been making shoes since 1906. company also has a presence in a tiny town where of output is sold to the and was blown entirely out of John editorial director of the industry website Sneaker tells me in an email. timing and wording of that quote definitely but to call New Balance a Trump supporter was a reach. stance on has been clear from the They were not shy about their stance when President visited the headquarters last Twitter strides out in New Balance trainers in New 2014. apart from a brief episode in which it seemed New Balance would stem its opposition to in return for a lucrative contract supplying the the company has long been in good books. a and it has been nice to watch its rising success. by celebrity such as and an increased focus on lifestyle shoes has boosted New reputation. is unlikely to damage like this can definitely affect sales because a good portion of annual revenue comes from the average consumer. Those types are not unconditional supporters and therefore can easily switch to another one. But Balance quick with the damage Twitter Vanity in New Balances at the Cruise Art New 2015. are unlikely to be put off as rep is generally positive because of their manufacturing practices. hard to see that the quote would have any negative effect on the buying habits of this specific Balance the first brush a label has had with not even this election cycle. among came out for And who can forget forever banging on about his love of it looks as though things might have come good for New as it becomes unlikely will pass Congress before the end of term. All the company has to worry about The rise of on on via on on on on on this content

Is your business safe from Two thirds of small businesses have fallen victim to in the past two costing the economy according to research from the Federation of Small majority of attacks are and spear where target rather than computer software has become more small employees have become easier targets. A common method among for is to pose as a company boss in an email and persuade an employee to urgently wire company money to an account. the more traditional form of infecting company equipment with is still a problem. It accounts for of experienced by small businesses. Such attacks are destructive to finances and reputation. So how can small business owners and staff learn to spot and stop this cover the common and emerging trends and discuss how small businesses can avoid them from staff training to employing ethical hackers to carry out fake identifying your questions to our experts from on 21 part is just register to comment. Once signed you can post your questions in the comments thread below this article. tweet with your or email them to and we will put them to the panel for you. Comments are currently open and we welcome questions in Snook is deputy and government security directorate in the Cabinet Office. He has held a number of roles across the cabinet office and Treasury. His career has focused on national and in recent is product fraud and security at payment solutions. He is responsible for developing products and aimed to protect customers against fraud and payment security threats. is chief technology officer of a company that helps protect their information. was closely involved in the development of a basic information security standard developed with the government. is also the founder of The Friendly a startup in and data security is an independent security consultant and trainer who in social in which rather than IT are the target of criminals. She trains businesses in how to protect and is the host of The Human Factor leads security teams across the southern and midlands regions. With nearly 20 experience in information protection and his expertise ranges from security strategy through to technical security is head of data privacy and partner at law firm. She has been advising on the legal aspects of data protection and security for over 20 years. is a security and privacy expert at an software company that offers software solutions to protect data from insider threats and up to become a member of the Guardian Small Business Network here for more insight and best practice direct to your on on via on on on on on this content

Share on on via more sharing on on on on on leadership can transform the lives of teams and those receiving care and Skills for importance of developing leadership across the social care workforce is well especially considering the strong relationship between the quality of leadership and the quality of care. By highlighting this Skills for Care has asked managers what they think about the value added by investing in leadership development. Here we share the responses illustrating how developing leadership can transform the lives of teams and those receiving care and support. hindering your progress as a managers taken part in our leadership told us that they had been unknowingly hindering their own progression. for was given a significant promotion to a senior leadership role five months after completing our Moving Up of the key factors of the was believing in yourself and your she says. course helped me to believe in myself and break down some of the barriers I had success was not a Some of the managers who took part in our 2012-13 cohort of Moving which aims to build a more diverse leadership profile in social had been promoted by 2014. Top our development for senior enables participants to identify the leadership that can hinder success. the points to the value of focusing on the impact of your leadership style on the Top Leaders we look at what makes someone a capable leader in the eyes of and the learners give feedback to each other about their leadership style and how they come invest in your leadership the social care sector experiences continuing change and tightening the imperative to do more with less means it is increasingly important to be with best practice and the most efficient ways of working. To achieve you may need to encourage your employer to invest in your development as a or make the decision to invest in yourself. Sonnet Care Homes the recent winner of Skills for accolade for most effective approach to leadership and management is a great example of what can happen when this sort of investment is one of care homes was the subject of a Panorama documentary focusing on abuse of the elderly in care settings. At the Sonnet had just taken over operations of the home. It acted suspending increasing training and reviewing its management structure. The key factor in transforming the quality of care and achieving an outstanding rating from the Care Quality Commission for its leadership earlier this year was an unrelenting investment in an approach to which involved everyone in the including those receiving care and the Sonnet story with the right investment in developing you can turn things around at an team and and achieve real impact on the quality of can a future be a future for all involved in providing and receiving care and support has never been more important. Leadership development for managers matters to ensure the provision of high care for all those who need Skills for Care aims to meet this need by providing leadership development support for social care managers working in the public or third sector. Designed in partnership with more than 100 registered it is grounded in the reality of social care delivery and the challenges of leading a care team. area manager at Health who helped to design the says it will support those in registered manager roles to meet current and future leadership challenges. managers often work in isolation when faced with issues of he says. be accepted and must be challenged. Be there and attend the These are the first you ready to take the next looking to take the next steps to a there are still limited places available on the Moving Up starting and our and Top Leaders starting early next year. To find out please email on this page is produced and controlled by Skills for sponsor of the Guardian Social Care Network learning and development Care Network Skills for Care partner on on via on on on on on this content

on on via more sharing on on on on on tablets offer nurses a more efficient and reliable way of recording information than pen and psychiatrist can click into his records from anywhere in the world. long as I have my and a connection I am connected to my patients around the clock. even logged on at 35,000 he says. In the who works at and Wear foundation is confident that having a consultation with a patient via videoconferencing could become job as a psychiatrist is to see how a patient is so I necessarily even have to be in the same building as my patient to carry out a working day is being transformed by mobile technology. And he is not alone. Paramedic Mike Earl uses his to check a diagnosis or clinical guideline when he is on a 999 call. He also completes the electronic patient record with data going directly to his ambulance trust and emailed on to or other sites. no longer have responsibility for the paper record as I would have had in the quicker to type than write and The which is being rolled out to 200 ambulance clinicians across boosts patient safety. IT development project manager at South East coast ambulance foundation no longer have to keep the records in a paper folder in the back of the ambulance which somebody then spills their coffee over. We are improving the quality of patient care and I think in the long term it will save the money because we now have access to information which is all in one place which we can and Better for better for is also part of an vanguard site where paramedics carry out home visits that traditionally would have been done by The is central to this new model of Earl has secure access to the care plan and patient which he can update in real time. John clinical lead for Encompass a group of 16 practices involved in the vanguard says the scheme has reduced hospital traffic by and is now being rolled out across East has economies for the whole health system. The patient journey is also better because they can stay at have a few less home visits and it gives us more head Community nurses are also pushing back the barriers. The charity which cares for the terminally has used million from the nurse technology fund to help connect its 2,100 nurses and assistants now use mobile which improves the immediate support they can offer patients and keeps staff in touch on night shifts when they can often feel isolated. its divisional general manager for central and eastern the past they would have written something down on a piece of paper for a patient or carer. Now they have the whole world at their Keeping people out of care home staff are using a system to monitor residents in another vanguard scheme developed by the clinical commissioning group. The generates a patient score with a traffic light system alerting staff if a health has the data is fed into a system accessible to and nurses if necessary. lead and project manager are keeping people out of hospital and enabling them to stay in their home more if we keep that person out of hospital then also going to save us policy researcher at the think tank The says the adoption of mobile technology has been led by ambulance trusts and community nurses. But more hospital trusts are coming on of the issues in the past has just been the scale of the hospital systems. That is now changing and where happening often down to a clinician or other professional who has that technology enthusiasm and The number of that employ their own chief clinical information officer clinicians who lead on IT and the use of data to improve patient care illustrates just how fast that change is happening. Four years ago there were only six in the entire today there are more than 400. who chairs the national leaders network think we are on the cusp of thinking in a radically new way. If we can the we have the potential to save a fortune. But I think one of the biggest challenges is lack of another is having enough with enough time to transform services in the way that we Content on this page is paid for and produced to a brief agreed with sponsor of the Partnerships in practice hubs on the Teacher Network and Professionals Network. partner on on via on on on on on this content

New has experienced hundreds of aftershocks some of them severe as efforts continue to reach people trapped in the coastal town of in the South the 12 hours from to on the official recorded 313 taking the total since the initial magnitude 7.5 quake to pm 25 in the last 313 since 6 am today and 1212 since the Earthquake. said reconnaissance flights over affected areas had indicated that between 80,000 and 100,000 landslides had occurred as a result of the of people remain stranded in the coastal town of north of which has no road access. Four air force helicopters have airlifted more than 130 people out of the but reports say it could be four days before all those who want to leave are evacuated. is on its way to the town to deliver supplies and carry out further of central Wellington close to parliament is cordoned off and buildings including New Red Cross headquarters have been evacuated as a office block is in danger of collapse. Fire chief described it as a clear structural failure a vertical beam in the building has been looks somewhat like a broken block separating from main building came as torrential rain and winds battered the flooding roads and forcing residents of the Valley from their confirmed death toll from the initial quake remains at two. Officials said there were a number of people but not from local civil and emergency management groups will spend tonight door to door to check on in affected communities that have not yet received director of civil has New prime John revealed he had missed a call from the US while dealing with the aftermath of the I see the call when it came in the burly of things I two cows and a calf made famous after they were filmed stranded on a tiny pillar of land have been rescued. Cows stranded on after New earthquake aerial video More from fire region about the teetering building in We have a clear structural failure. caused that will be determined clear structural failure is a major a vertical beam in the has been looks somewhat like a broken bone in the leg. It is fractured is a major supporting beam. It is up above the fifth so it is the top four floors. Associated Press has this latest on the situation in Wellington buildings in the of New capital have been evacuated and some streets cordoned off after engineers determined that a building is in danger of two days after a powerful earthquake shook the the regional commander for the New Fire said engineers were completing an inspection of the downtown Wellington office building on when they found that a major vertical beam had failed above the fifth said that building is at significant risk of said the building was empty when the quake struck overnight on said the buildings that were evacuated include the local headquarters for the Red Cross and the embassy. Another strong aftershock magnitude 5.7 has just shaken the quake causing strong shaking near 2016 Some readers below the line and on social media have asked whether the could have been a factor in the Crane 15 2016 interesting and maybe significant is that the unusually close Perigee full moon was right overhead when the first quake struck. Tidal forces pulling on an unstable Very sorry that is having to go through all this upheaval what has to say about Some people have raised concerns about a link with the In large groups earthquakes exhibit slight associations with lunar but this is not reliable for have two tides a day throughout New and at any one place there is no clear association in occurrence of the full moon around the globe does not allow us to say how when and where any earthquake might be. dinner time in from where Red Cross worker sends this the crayfish. The crayfish is really at the welfare salad and sausage 2016 Street in the central business district and just round the corner from the parliament remains closed amid fears a building could reports suggest the building in question is 61 an office block currently advertising space for ad describes it An office tower to be extensively refurbished and strengthened to Building block separating from main building 2016 John the New prime missed a call from US Trump while dealing with the aftermath of the 7.5 magnitude earthquake that struck on was calling Key as part of his first phase of reaching out to world leaders during his transition to the White office set up the call with Key in but the prime minster was caught up with the fallout from the natural disaster and missed the phone explained the diplomatic pas to the New What happened was there was a bit of a discussion between my office and his office on the about a strictly sure when the was going to they said it was in the next couple of see the call when it came in the burly of things I then made contact with our foreign affairs people and and said they had tried to call and been said another call had been set up for PM misses call from Trump in following earthquake Read more reports that in the 12 hours from to on there were 313 quakes across New concentrated around that vulnerable area of the South took the total number of earthquakes since the on to pm 25 in the last 313 since 6 am today and 1212 since the Earthquake. has since been another strong aftershock close to quake causing strong shaking near 2016 Reports have varied on the strength of the initial quake that struck shortly after midnight on own monitoring has measured the earthquake as magnitude 7.5 what we at the Guardian have decided to use in our reporting for other including the United States Geological Survey have it at how describes the We have currently established that the New local magnitude for this earthquake is but this may be reviewed over time when more detailed research is undertaken. This may bring it closer to the value by the US Geological The headquarters of the New Red Cross are right next to the building in Wellington that is threatening to collapse and staff have now been in Wellington has been immediately evacuated. The building next door collapsing and in danger of falling on us 50 Red Cross personnel are working in and with workers also helping those stranded by flooding in the Wellington region. director of civil has just been briefing the media on the latest information from the ministry of civil and emergency management Staff from local groups in and and other affected communities by going to be going door to door to check on national relief effort is she the worst affected water and fuel are required in and she said there would be coordinated efforts to get support into areas other than and that local agencies want to hear from we may not have 130 people have now been evacuated from with rescue efforts weather in Wellington The rest of New is still operating as she asked that New respect local advice and prepare for We urge caution about approaching buildings that have been did not have specific details on the city building currently thought to be at risk of collapse in Wellington. a closer view of that Wellington the surrounding area has been evacuated over fears the building is unstable and could got stopped by police on St Wellington with a building's glass facade about to peel off. 2016 A section of central business district close to the parliament has been cordoned off amid fears a building there is at risk of Street has been and nearby buildings evacuated. Engineers are currently assessing the Politics cordon has been set around this Wellington building amid concerns it could collapse. St closed too 2016 The civil emergency management group for which covers the stranded town of declared a state of emergency on mayor of Mayors are united in their support for the people of and and we believe by declaring a state of local emergency in we are in better position to coordinate support across the region. stadium has confirmed although it has suffered no major structural some repairs are needed and this game will be statement on its website a detailed engineering stadium has been cleared of major structural damage. The stadium closed its doors yesterday as a precautionary measure following the 7.5 earthquake early on and the ground level of the public car reopened on However the internal concourse and seating bowl remain closed until repairs have been completed. These repairs are expected to take two weeks to a Football Federation of in consultation with the Wellington Phoenix and the has made the decision to postpone this fixture between Phoenix and Victory included burst water concrete cracking and broken windows and some liquefaction on the stadium ring road. The mezzanine level car park will remain closed until repairs are conducted on the car park reports that China is taking its own steps to evacuate some of its citizens from stricken chartered four helicopters to evacuate around 40 mostly elderly and from late on said an official at the consulate in One national had been treated for a minor head injury in and around 60 others would be evacuated on have been trapped in for a couple of some are maybe they have some mental told Many planned to continue journeys to other parts of New said. Reader from emails to say that she and her partner were holidaying in Wellington when the first quakes We are currently staying at the hotel on the seventh floor. I woke up at midnight local time last night as I felt a slight tremor. By the time I woke the room was really beginning to went to the window to look outside and as soon as he crossed the room the full brunt of the earthquake hit and he was thrown across the room. The noise from the earthquake was it was incredibly at the same time we could also see bright white flashes outside from power lines being ripped apart. It lasted 30 seconds but it felt a lot ran down the emergency exit and it felt like something out of a ceilings were falling cracks were rapidly appearing in the walls and the water pipes had burst so water was pouring down from the ceilings and flooding the corridors. The hotel staff were brilliant and we all sat outside waiting for the the tsunami siren starting ringing. A lot of people fled to Mount but this caused gridlock on the roads. We were given the to go back into the building at thinking we would be relatively safe on the seventh floor if a tsunami was to we have felt eight major all ranging from about 6.6. The hotel shakes and sways and the in Wellington looks like a ghost were having dinner when a 6.5 hit at local time. Seeing the restaurant and the high street outside swaying is something I will never forget. We been able to leave Wellington as our car is trapped in a car park which is waiting to be assessed before we are allowed to gain access. The front of the car park has were meant to be going over to today but the ferries have stopped as the ports have sustained major most amazing thing is that for such a powerful the damage caused is very minimal compared to the earthquake 2011. We woke up expecting devastation. Everybody has been extremely lucky. Tsunami safe level markings on roads on hills around Wellington.

Build a business case with your a digital nomad does not necessarily mean you have to quit your existing job and go it alone. majority of people with a nomad lifestyle I know are contractors or have a regular says Peter founder of Surf a corporate retreat Since technology enables people in certain roles to work anywhere with a reasonable remote working suits people who prefer a bit of stability while on the road. Convincing your boss to let you work remotely can be especially when the prevailing stereotype of a digital nomad is someone working on their laptop in a hammock. there is still a culture of in the so you will need deal with the concerns as well as present the says careers adviser and of Suggesting a trial period for remote working can says policy development manager at the Association for Independent Professionals and the Self Employed. would allow both you and your boss to evaluate whether a good working he says. would also be able to consider what improvements could be made in order to make this a more permanent way of Use technology to stay in touch Tools such as and make it easy to stay in touch with and collaborate from any corner of the world. workers prefer to send an email than walk to the next so whether you are there or in it matter so says a work psychologist and who lives in When working with colleagues having a group video conference or a weekly group is a good way to keep everyone in she how to become a remote worker live chat Read more tools can also help digital nomads find work on the hoof. Freelance such as post jobs and projects that can be done remotely. founder of the and network The Community suggests learning some marketing such as search engine and which could be useful with the sort of work that is relatively easy to do while Although there are myriad ways to stay in touch it is still important to arrange face to face meetings every now and then. connection can be very says Bard. Be prepared for periods of loneliness and who work from home often complain about feeling isolated. Moving around frequently can amplify this. Tapping into the travel community in your chosen location is a good way to combat says founder of Nomadic Working. next to another guy or gal also traveling for or the travel bond is always and no one wants to be lonely. Traveling itself is a great way to meet a freelance journalist who describes herself as asks her friends and family if they know anyone at her new destination she can be introduced to. out always a good few she says. She suggest volunteering as a great way to meet people. always people in the same situation that are looking for founder of the food and travel site Legal and author of The Food suggests basing yourself somewhere where you might find it easy to learn the local language and make friends. Creating a daily joining a going to talks and book clubs can help. a nice way to connect to people in the community where you are presently she says. Once established it is likely you will bump into them again and again. community to me feels a bit like a global village and there are many people spending a lot more time with in different parts of the world than I would with my friends from says founder of Nomad a transatlantic cruise for digital things to do before living and working abroad Read your research Bone up on tax and visa requirements before you move somewhere as the laws vary from country to country. you are only a there be much of an issue. But if you are away from the for more than three years you will no longer be treated as a resident and different obligations will says hopping can be costly and warns people fizzle out after a handful of years of living visa to visa. A lot of it depends on your level of wealth. Having an established home base and every month or two for extended periods of time is but that it is not for everyone While the idea of being able to work on a beach at or in the middle of a buzzing might seem the lifestyle of the digital nomad does not suit everyone. While it can bring great freedom and it can also be especially if you worry when the next is coming in. can be hard a lot of change and life is says Bard. seen many people burn out and go back to the and others take to it like ducks to Successful digital nomads need to be and productive as well as being able to live with the unfamiliar and deal with ambiguity. For the digital nomad lifestyle feels safer. been close to many people whose careers have been taken from them from no real fault of their own. I feel that living this lifestyle has given me the tools to adapt when challenges inevitably come Looking for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career on on via on on on on on this content

Two things that happened on morning. the world woke up to the reality of a Trump victory in the US presidential election. a group of undergraduate humanities students handed in essays for a module teaching at the University of will mean for Read former for the end of a and uniquely unsettling political process. The latter marked the end of my own within the small sphere of my professional life. It was a campaign to see my students produce structured arguments using the careful of and adherence to the measured discourse characteristic of scholarly essay was on the topic of social cohesion and religious slippery and emotive subjects so clarity of expression was of paramount importance. I answered dozens of email commented on and held meetings with every student that I was there any If the rhetoric of campaign is translated into some kind of there may be many victims respect for the rights of racial and religious an entire world facing environmental degradation. The population of several nations the for example may find themselves trying to decode the implications of opaque foreign policy real as I sit with a stack of essays in front of the victim whose pain I feel for most immediately is the practice of reasoned argument issued by the Trump campaign saw no need to uphold any requirements to make sense or be based on evidence. Consider the assertions of widespread the case of claims of celebrating in New the idea to extract Middle Eastern oil as recompense for US military the theory that climate change was secretly invented by the for economic or that would willingly pay for a border ask for Trump University trial to be delayed until next year Read and an array of were credible within the own inner logic because the criteria for credibility did not include a basis in reality or even coherence. Under the banner Great the type of argumentation I have been demanding of my students became we have recently been in similar territory ourselves. The referendum featured false claims regarding the cost of of the migration chaos that would follow supposedly inevitable and imminent shady that our unelected monarch disliked the and wholesale dismissal of intangible nature of what would actually entail revealed itself in conveniently vacuous slogans such as Back simply means The Remain campaign did sometimes try to conjure compelling stories of but they ultimately failed to respect the manner in which the game was being played. Leave donor and campaigner Banks Remain campaign featured fact. It just work. You have got to connect with people emotionally. the Trump and educators have we been getting things hopelessly if one of my students writes cohesion means social in this latest I should put a hearty tick in the footnotes and bibliographies be dismissed as elitist Perhaps we should be training our students in the art of constructing compelling founded on Or forceful slogans that combine emotive power with a strategic absence of we aspire to educate policymakers of the are these not the skills demanded by our For a might the subtle art of articulating effectual nonsense be preferable to the ineffectual tools of Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as any academic this should of no less than a vision of hell. But with 2016 and its strangest of political such visions might drift across our alternative vision is a world in which a renewed sense of asserts itself. That a situation in which it is that ignoring and critical arguments does have consequences. Getting just anyone to fix your plumbing leads to leaks. Ignoring experts in international relations leads to wars. dentistry leads to painful Dismissing the predictions of climate scientists increases the potential for disaster. Saying simply means means nothing at all. This vision must be clung to with determination. Even in the short holding on to these principles is actually a bit annoying because if they need critical argument these essays would be a lot quicker to the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education and on on via on on on on on this content

may be one of most instantly but can be a little snobby about the place. The area has a distinct which you notice as soon as you leave the tube and head past facades adorned with garish murals and enormous signs. no longer as cool as it but most will admit to having hung out here at some watching gigs at clubs and mooching round the markets. Come to and you know what you will market tattoos and of dubious area was part of the first wave of starting in the with the opening of the Roundhouse as a performance followed swiftly by the arrival of Compendium which sold political and avant literature. These gave the place a buzz and new residents were enticed by the stirrings of cheap housing and proximity to central industry started to leave the opportunities arose. An old timber yard by the canal was taken over in 1972 by a group of and on 30 March 1974 they opened the first Lock with 16 stalls. The first food stall arrived shortly opened by a former silver who began selling cakes and pies from a dilapidated old tea stall. Soon other markets opened nearby Union Stables Market and the Canal Market. became increasingly fashionable during the punk The Clash were based nearby and visited markets rapidly expanded as new arrivals began decking out their homes with antiques and crafts. The area became increasingly fashionable during the punk The Clash were based nearby and regularly visited while the Roundhouse and hosted gigs. By the markets were a a fresher alternative to with the music scene giving them a accent throughout is on the fashionable and read a typical listing in a guidebook as tourists flocked to Lock. Drawn by the young moved into Terry postmodern building overlooking Lock in 1993 but by now star was starting to its veneer of cool fading as the high street succumbed to When Compendium closed in 2001 having survived and the shop Prince opened nearby in 1994 it felt like the end of an era. It was replaced by a shop selling boots. Twitter Boots over A stall in Market. still Lock market prevails. Located between Chalk Farm Road and it is said to attract 28 million tourists a who stream towards the canal from the tube station in a multilingual oblivious to diminishing reputation and happy to take in the atmosphere. Lock still features a number of craftsmen and women among the selection of bars and restaurants that spill across cobbled yards and old warehouses. 28 million tourists a year arrive in a multilingual oblivious to diminishing feels but change is coming. Across the road from a pair of cranes tower over a derelict terrace behind which the Canal Market once stood. This is the first stage of a redevelopment project by landowners Market who are planning to transform market by market. At stallholders are worried. Will the new changes kill the place stone not against the way being carried says Bill his real name all the traders interviewed wished to remain anonymous for fear of upsetting Market market requires people to help each other out if somebody runs out of pound coins or runs out of they know they can turn to somebody for help. going out the window because the people at the top support us. We know who to contact when we have a problem. We send an email but never get any response. People are starting to assume the Twitter Market designs for its Market project. stallholders expressed similar worried about Market plans for their previously independent space. When would the new development and what would it mean for their current Would more brands appear at the Why the obsession with food and And why are traders insisting that nobody from Market Tech sufficiently appreciates their Market Tech issued a statement insisting that its market manager enjoys a and positive with and the company is committed to building and maintaining rich heritage and unique to develop a vibrant and creative atmosphere and a place for and small businesses to entity we call Market is actually several markets in the area. In Market Tech began buying four of the sites Canal Stables Market and Union Street Market uniting them under a single owner for the first time. Market owned by businessman Teddy has bought other including a stretch of high the Barfly club and the Open University building. made his fortune through gambling company which he founded in 1999 following a short spell in an prison for manipulating bond is Market cranes that loom over Chalk Farm where they are in the process of redeveloping the old Canal Market into Wharf. This will be completed in 2018 and will feature a new 195 private and affordable a open refurbished railway arches and a primary school. At Union the plan is to sweep away the ramshackle old market and construct a market block with boutique hotel. Twitter had been a drain of craftspeople from Mike via at Lock are the schemes with concern. In Market Tech secured planning permission to replace a block from the with new retail and office adding a new bridge and improving access from the high street. These the company on a sensitive approach to improving access to the market and the with a design that will preserve and enhance the fantastic heritage of its which is integral to its also promised to resurrect a stretch of covered canal known as Dead Dog as well as the miles of tunnels collectively known as the Catacombs. Since everything has gone no communication about the no reassurances or explanations about what is says a longtime who points out that several traders will lose their shops in this development. a disparaging way of treating food market in the cobbled West Yard has been managed by specialists since the when the existing food stalls were given notice or invited to at increased rates. says that after a rigorous consultation more than half of previous traders were offered a space in the food or an alternative space is basically being sublet to says who has worked at the market since the indicates to me how want to run the market they will franchise out different bits so they become somebody responsibility. I never liked the food offering because it mix well with retail. a better not as cramped but still poorly and they treated people so Twitter A selling bootleg cassette tapes in the traders agree that Lock needed to change. Its popularity can make it with crowds jostling in cramped yards and spilling over the causing occasional conflict with cyclists and joggers. Lock has traditionally fostered a separate and somewhat more refined identity to the Stables but now they are under the same ownership those lines are blurred. Older traders decry the arrival of stalls selling touristy while pointing out the idiosyncratic delights still to be found among the alleys and passages. a shop in leather bags and another selling vintage board several record clothes antiques stalls and selling handmade designs. Tourists soak up the eat some food but actually buy anything into this tight network have recently encroached brands such as Storm and Irregular Choice. Traders fear this will change the nature of the market and lead to rent increases. they are trying to do is open up the market to the high and a good idea in says Bill. you want the market to the high street a different concern is the increased focus on food and the with parts of the market area being regularly fenced off for events. said they wanted to open it make the market less encourage craftspeople to return and make it more attractive to says it needed tourists soak up the atmosphere and eat some but they actually buy anything. There had been a drain of craftspeople because the previous management let the quality of goods have been whispers that remaining craftsmen and women will be transferred to in the proposed new so tourists can ogle them working monkeys in a Tech is also trying to persuade traders to sign up to its own electronic system. going to be written into our contracts that we have to use a tablet they provide that will be connected to their so they know the details of every explains are also proposing we use their payment system this is how shopping are they take a cut of turnover rather than Market Tech says the system is provided at zero and will improve the experience of shoppers by allowing them to pay for anything by card. fear they will be selected for their turnover rather than the quality of their punk to share your memories of Market Read want us to do things that only small chains can like marketing ourselves complains a craftsman based in the covered Market Hall. have time to do this sort of thing. This new payment system it works for the new businesses they are bringing the small but not us. It is very difficult for all of these fears could be groundless. Market plans do not entail such a radical restructuring of Lock that it will be wiped from the map. But it will be changed claim that nobody at Market Tech answers emails or holds group and that with such a high turnover of stallholders have no idea who to talk to. Market Tech insists there has been consultation with existing the local interest and conservation and visitors to the but the five traders interviewed said that communication was virtually nil. been a deliberate break with the we always had regular meetings says before hitting on the issue that seems to be at the heart of the Market controversy. who have worked here for 15 or 20 years deserve more credit and on on via on on on on on this content

On a afternoon in early Sister drove into the compound of the Catholic convent where she lived in the capital of and called out to her fellow nuns. There was no sign of the other elderly sisters who lived in the so Sister went to find Father the head of the to ask if he had seen them. He tried phoning but there was no reply. So they walked across the shady compound to the where they found the curtains and called but there was no answer. The priest was about to force open the but Sister walked around to a side which was unlocked. Inside she found a horrific scene. Sister was lying dead in her blood pooling around her head. In the bedroom next door lay the body of Sister Both women had been and their throats would have celebrated her 76th birthday the next day. Sister was 82. these three elderly friends had worked for almost 50 years in South an eastern province of the Democratic Republic of that was at the of a series of conflicts sometimes known collectively as the Great the deadliest in the modern history. When the three sisters finally left South for they were looking forward to a more peaceful retirement called the local and his superiors in Lorries and pickup trucks arrived disgorging police and and security forces circled the compound. At around the congregation poured out of mass in their brightly straight into a crime scene. A papal official stood over the bodies and wept. Outside the young women the sisters had taught to sew wailed with grief. When noises woke Sister in the she phoned Father think the killer is still she who remained collected accompanied the bodies to the and then returned to the convent. Father wanted to find somewhere else for sister and the other nuns to sleep. But the sisters insisted they wanted to stay and sleep at the convent. As night heavily armed police patrolled the noises woke Sister during the she telephoned Father who was still writing down an account of the previous day. think the killer is still sister told him in a shaky priest hurried to the but he was too late. Sister was already dead. In an act of violence unimaginable to those who knew the small and wiry the killer had cut off her next shocked and angry locals closed their businesses and gathered outside the convent to protest against the murders. People claimed the killers were being protected by the police. Some protesters saw the notorious head of the state intelligence General enter the convent. Some time Father emerged from the gates and appealed to the protesters to disperse peacefully. Three weeks a leaflet was found at the convent urging the mission not to pursue an investigation into the murders at the convent horrified not just because of their brutality but because they took place almost a decade after the end of the civil in which 300,000 were slaughtered and 1.2 million a fifth of the population fled their homes. In the wake of that which divided the nation along ethnic between and vowed that their country would never again experience such brutal missions to countries riven by civil strife are liable to get caught up in toxic politics. The powerful Catholic church in which represents of has come under suspicion for providing aid to militant groups during the civil war. But it has also regularly government and paid a price for it. In during the civil when the majority rose up against the abusive gunmen executed two priests and a lay preacher suspected of supporting the rebels. A year a moderate archbishop was murdered by gunmen. More than 10 Catholic clerics were assassinated in in the first three years of the civil war. When church leaders have denounced the violence of the warring political leaders have often seen them as a threat and done whatever was necessary to silence murders at the convent followed a ripple of unrest across the region. In the United Nations envoy to had cabled headquarters in New with a warning that the ruling party was distributing weapons and uniforms to its youth wing. In some particularly outside the the group acts collusion with local authorities and with total It acts like a over and above the the and the the cable said. The group was described as of the major threats to peace in and to the credibility of the 2015 elections as they are responsible for most politically motivated violence against The government of issued a rebuttal to the vehemently denying that it had been arming or training the youth known as the the cable was received with alarm. The nuns and who were murdered in a convent in the capital of few weeks after the most prominent human rights Claver told listeners of the popular radio station Radio that arms and uniforms were being given out to hundreds of young who had gone for military training in the Democratic Republic of described photographs he had seen of young fighters training in the and accounts he had heard from witnesses and former soldiers. During the civil own a had been hacked to death by youths armed with machetes. A decade he pledged to do what he could to stop what appeared to be the preparation of a new youth militia. my it is always the youths that do the killing. Everywhere in the the youth that are used for told me earlier this the hot and humid city of on the shore of Lake the poor live in dusty and grid clustered around the and to the north. These poor particularly where the convent had been fertile recruiting grounds for rebel groups looking for young men during the war. Once it seemed the youth were being prepared to were afraid of what the training of this new secret youth army might mean. In a bid to end the civil a peace deal had been tabled in 1998 by president of Talks had continued under Nelson and his An agreement was eventually signed in which laid out rules for equal representation of and and said that no president could serve more than two terms. A ceasefire finally became law in 2005. As the 2015 elections critics were afraid that the former rebel leader would try to hold on to power. Government forces and their opponents were preparing to face off in a new round of violence and intimidation. The supporters insisted his rule brought peace to the and regeneration to the rural economy he is passionate about growing avocados. His office maintained that a third term in office would be as the first term result of an election by not the did not is a tall and powerful with a gentle manner and an determination. Only the dusting of stubble on his head gives away his age. At 71 in a country where life expectancy for men is 58 he is considered one of the grandfathers of postwar celebrated for his tireless work in exposing attacks on human rights opposition politicians and enforced illegal detention and torture. His work has earned him a loyal support base. In this Human Rights Watch his work with the Forges given to leading campaigners for describing him as man of extraordinary courage who has defied repeated threats to defend victims of spent two years in prison during the war. Between 1994 and he was an inmate at the vast and overcrowded accused of a crime he did not commit. he was beaten and he witnessed young boys locked up and abused by women raped by guards and children born as a result. He emerged determined to reform the prison and justice systems in Soon after his he founded the Association for the Protection of Human Rights and Detained now the most prominent human rights group in the country. He has secured the release of thousands of young who have been wrongfully day after radio police called him in for questioning. They summoned him repeatedly over the next each time demanding that he reveal his sources but each he refused. At midnight on 15 when he arrived at the airport for a flight to a number of police officers were waiting for him. He had just enough time to call his wife before the police bundled him into a waiting car. At the end of the following was indicted for the internal and external security of the based on his comments in the and jailed once was arrested in May four months before the nuns were a weekly protest known as began in with wearing the of prison to show solidarity with Activists around the world joined tweeting photographs of themselves wearing green. His popular following infuriated the and radio stations were banned from reporting on the training and arming of had a surprising commander of the ruling military General was hated and feared by those outside his but revered by his own men. At he looked young for his sporting a and wearing a heavy gold chain. A photograph popular with his followers shows him in a white baseball cap embellished with a gold the symbol of the the rebel group that now runs full name translates from the as The National Council for the of Democracy Forces for the of Democracy. The is just in case people need convincing their country is a general owned a bar in called meaning home of the just a few blocks away from the convent where the nuns were killed. A grandiose stone eagle marks the entrance. on a high a nervous monkey twitches in a cage. supporters and civil servants sit behind huge bottles of the local and talk politics while nearby a crocodile basks in a dirty pond. home of the is to double as a torture chamber for dissidents one of many said to be hidden across the as he was generally was an educated a former colleague but he was a gifted a man of the people. Generous and he would stay up buying rounds of drinks until he was the last man standing. The were largely made up of former rebels from the civil war and the general was like a father to them. During the civil he was a hero on the streets of the bastion of the rebellion. Twitter Claver in in 2015. the forged ties with a violent rebel group in the formed by the remnants of The reports that he used these ties to carry out gold smuggling from mines. By people said that it was not President but his loyal and trusted who held the levers of power. According to the former vice who fled in every decision in government first went past the general. After the peace agreement limited the term of it was that was training a private army to keep the and in a human rights work involved challenging the brutality of secret police but the two men had a shared history. was among the civilians who had supported the armed rebel movement during the providing a place to and General was indebted to him for this. own son was a rebel recruit. When spoke out against the training of the he threw himself into direct conflict with the but he was confident that the esteem would protect him. had once told his son that if anyone killed the general would avenge him with his own hand a vow that gave courage to continue with his campaigning when found out that the three nuns had been butchered with machetes in the trademark manner of intelligence the two men were once again set on a collision course one that would threaten both their 9 two days after the the police arrested a local man named and charged him with the murder. Police told journalists that it was a revenge the church had stolen family land decades and bitterness at this injustice had driven to rape and murder the nuns. Land disputes are common in a tiny country with a barely functioning judicial system and one of the populations in the world and are commonly resolved with violence. But said nothing as police paraded handcuffed and dressed in ripped sports before the press. He showed no sign of remorse. he showed no sign of any emotion at all. Residents of as one of the mentally ill people who lived on the surviving on scraps and charity they doubted he possessed the physical or mental never mind the to carry out a series of brutal his prison watched this farce unfold. It was clear to him that was not the killer. The following a court freed after four months in on medical grounds he is diabetic but he remained under judicial supervision. A crowd gathered outside the singing and dancing in celebration. Twitter after he was the murder of the three nuns. the authorities fail to deliver told it falls to journalists and human rights campaigners to discover the truth. To find out who was behind the murder of the three approached one of leading investigative Bob the head of Radio The which broadcasts under the slogan Voice of the was set up in 2001 with money from the US ambassador to the was on the board. goal was to heal the ethnic divisions of the civil war by getting and to share airtime. There were one or two presenters who had managed to get members of militant groups to confess to killings on air and express their remorse. A public confession could lay the foundations for energetic joined while he was at law and had become editor in 2010. His career has been split between revealing corruption and living with the which have included death threats and periods spent in was in he had learned that as many as 1,800 members of the had returned from the and spread out across the ramping up their campaign of violence. On General the young fighters beat up suspected opposition disrupted and spread fear through the found a source close to the investigation who had been assigned to the murder case whose identity remains protected. The source reported that police officers guarding the compound had allegedly confessed to while four men had carried out the killings. They all claimed to be acting on the direct orders of officers loyal to police made a number of arrests based on these statements but a few days intervened. He ordered the and the investigation into the murder went no at a secret Bob was introduced to a former intelligence agent known as or Over a number of meetings in darkened parked cars and private won the trust of who eventually confessed to taking part in the even agreed to let record his on the condition that it could not be broadcast until he had fled the country. spoke into and confessed that he and three others had killed the on the orders of General to the nuns had seen the training near their former mission in the When had heard on the radio saying that the youth militia was being and the general was convinced that the nuns had been secret source. After worried that the nuns would speak out in order to secure his release and he knew enough about the courage of these elderly missionaries to understand that unlike many would be unafraid to testify against nuns had some additional inconvenient said. The former parish leader had been a legend among for surviving the 1995 massacre of Catholic and a close ally of The general had used the health clinic to stock a private hospital he owned in the to avoid paying import tax on drugs. In the parish priest became seriously ill and left for treatment in When the nuns and father found out about the abuse of church they were determined to put a stop to it. mission did not wish to comment on these month after he won the trust of one alleged was introduced to in a bar. who grew up in was a rebel during the war and later became an intelligence agent working for recorded his statement at the and stated on the record that the nuns had been silenced to prevent them revealing the existence of an armed militia being trained by to keep the president in power. Twitter President attends independence anniversary celebrations in 2015. the country came to a standstill at every day for a week as Bob broadcast confession in a series of daily on The streets fell silent as taxi traffic and street vendors gathered around radios to listen to the shocking admission of had planned to broadcast his interviews with as corroboration but before he could do was arrested on 20 Two days although he had not been he was transferred to an isolation cell and denied visitors. The arrest outraged human rights groups. addressed journalists outside his can imprison they can kill but they shut us he said. informed that security forces now had orders to kill began sleeping in a different safe house every took to the streets again in protest. the confessed sent a message of solidarity from his hiding place in exile. A month a court freed on and thousands lined the streets in broadcast confession in full on 30 March 2015. In the voice was quiet he sounded nervous but his account was detailed and damning. He had heard from his recruiting officer that was concerned that news of the training in would spread. The Catholic order to which the nuns the Missionary Sisters of also ran a clinic in South close to where the were training. The soldiers had been getting treatment at the and the who frequently between and the eastern were aware of this. main concern was to stop them interview with was even more explosive than initial confession since it corroborated the first and pinned responsibility directly on began sleeping in a different safe house every night by reliable that security forces now had orders to kill him on sight. Twitter Bob one of the leading investigative journalists in the weeks following as fears of a return to civil war more than 10,000 fled to a number that has since risen to around 296,000. There were reports of opponents being intimidated or dragged out of their houses and 25 the ruling party announced that its candidate would be the incumbent For the third time in 12 thousands of men and women took to the but this time they faced loaded guns. On the first day of the street police shot dead at least one civilian. Armed men forced entry into building and shut down all broadcasts. Observers watched with mixed feelings as and united on the streets in of their peace agreement. A week fled into in fear of his President flew to to discuss the crisis with regional leaders on 13 news of a coup led by a senior general was broadcast on independent radio stations. The president was unable to return to the country after rebel soldiers took control of airport. General remained in standing by to launch a against the coup security forces attacked media throwing grenades at the headquarters of the Renaissance station. Flames licked the facade of the building. Journalists who had stored sensitive evidence at the radio believing it to be the safest watched helplessly as years of their work went up in smoke. After there was fighting in the and bomb blasts shook the buildings. The next dead soldiers lay in the streets. No one knew who was in that news trickled out that the coup had failed. The government branded the plotters as and launched a violent indeed anyone who might be perceived as dug in. have no he told me in his office on 15 2015. In the previous six 94,000 people had fled. men and women waited outside his either to report a crime or beg for news of a lost loved one. had documented 77 dead figure that would later rise to more than and 300 but hundreds more mainly young men had after had broadcast the testimony of the alleged second at the end of was arrested. As police drove followed in his in a dogged attempt to show they could not kill nor force him into changing his story about the surprised no one by winning the presidential election on 21 But his victory was far from peaceful. That blasts and gunfire resounded through the than two weeks early on a General was driving through accompanied by his when four men in fatigues ambushed their black The gunmen launched two rockets at the fired automatic weapons and lobbed in a grenade to ensure there were no survivors. Neither the rebels nor the ruling party claimed responsibility for killing although it was that his position as the head of the militia made him a threat to its political leaders. One former ruling party politician in exile in had raised an and they became more important than the more important than the army the was in the assisting Union observers in their investigation of the illegal distribution of arms in He remained at although he knew that with he had now lost his protector. Twitter The funeral for General the head of secret who was assassinated less than two weeks after the of President day after at 5.30 in the said farewell to the delegation and got into his car. The driver took the road north through the city towards his home. At two men on a motorbike pulled up alongside and the passenger fired four times at his head. He lost consciousness for a few minutes. When he came he gave clear instructions to his who was me home. I want to die with my family around When they got to his his wife took one look at him and told the him to raced to the in Doctors and after a week he was flown to and was admitted to University Hospital. For four his head was clamped in a metal and was fed by an intravenous the attackers were not done with His daughter was forced to leave after getting death threats. In late her husband was murdered by men on motorbikes as he arrived at the gate of his home in 6 police in were searching the of the city looking for when they tracked down Seeing the he tried to run but they caught him. Hours found his body. He had been shot in the head and unable to attend his young sent a note from his hospital bed for a colleague to read out after the burial. not lose the note said. tragedies we face will end with a resolution of the conflict I maintain hope that it will come Sitting in a temporary office on a day in on 10 May this recalling how he missed his 9 after four months in a head was sent for a scan by his doctor. he took a seat in the office. The doctor looked at for minutes without saying a then called in his colleagues. Six of them latest and were amazed at his they removed the the doctor what angel is it that walks with Even if we believe in we have to believe in something because have an angel that guides you every Hours walked out of the hospital with his weighing just but determined as March the government alleged that a member of the opposition had ordered the assassinations to tarnish the reputation. Young rebels who trained in carried out the a government spokesperson said. was no trained in South So there was no need to cover the spokesperson adding that a devout could not have been behind the assassination of members of a religious order. The spokesman blamed the crisis on the meddling of in and on the international for fanning the this the international criminal court in the announced that it would conduct a preliminary investigation into the violence that accompanied the of President in 2015. But the government of responded in by announcing that it would simply withdraw itself from the jurisdiction we can really be in the words of one of two Other members of the have also claiming the unfairly targets day I feel I will return to my told me in March this year. Last the government revoked the of human rights claiming it was responsible for the state. For he remains in Follow the Long Read on Twitter at or sign up to the long read weekly email long on on via on on on on on this content

There are calls for an inquiry into the connections between the farming the National party and decisions by the New South Wales Office of Environment and Heritage over allegations the agency dropped a investigation after intervention from a Nationals government is expected to pass legislation within days making the clearing of native vegetation by allowing farmers to do so without approval in many reported on night that the Office of Environment and Heritage had dropped an investigation into alleged illegal by 12 farmers in the Wee area in western investigation was suspended in May 2015 after an email from Nationals MP seen by Guardian saying that inspections of the land would be the of something that will escalate very quickly between farmers from around the state and the National party has more to worry about than a Trump wave Read strongly urge that agencies do not seek to engage landholders on this particular issue at this time it is too explosive and not email came less than a year after the 2014 murder of Office of Environment and Heritage worker Glen Turner. He was killed by farmer during a site as part of an ongoing investigation into allegations of illegal land internal email was interpreted as a and the risk of consequences associated with an inspection was thought to be one email an environment officer am of the opinion that the comments of amount to a threat which cannot be adequately assessed in the available latest information makes the situation less tenable and would now require a police presence which would not be forthcoming given the short time he told Guardian it had decided to postpone site inspections in the Wee area for operational received an email from its spokesman said. had no impact on the decision to postpone the investigation. The decision to postpone the investigation was made for operational office said it received an average of 423 native vegetation clearing reports a year and focused on the most the period of time 1 2011 to 30 2016 compliance activity has resulted in 520 advisory 320 warning 78 penalty 42 remedial 14 native vegetation prosecutions and secured penalties exceeding denied he had perverted the course of the principal solicitor at the Environmental said the intervention by raised serious concerns about the integrity of environmental protection laws in you are talking about the integrity of important that a transparent she told Guardian is concerning here is there appears to be a chief executive of the Nature Conservation called for a full investigation into the connections between big the National party and decisions by the to drop intervention of Nationals MP appears to have been an attempt to shut down legitimate investigations into land she the chief executive of the National Parks Association disturbing revelations last night showed a politically class of landholder apparently operating above the laws that apply to the little called for the changes to laws to be halted until the alleged political interference by Nationals in the enforcement of existing laws was fully changes to land clearing expected to pass parliament this are widely believed to allow a significant increase in of four scientific advisers on the University of biologist resigned from the independent biodiversity legislation review panel in saying its advice was being warned that clearing could double in as a result of the will be allowed to clear native vegetation without approval in many cases and others will have access to resignation letter he said that despite the government agreeing to adopt and implement all the recommendations of his it did not do key intent of the report is that would only be possible through the biodiversity offsetting he said. by means no net decrease in the quality and quantity of native said despite the proposed legislation contained series of such as equity that will enable clearing of hundreds of hectares of native vegetation on individual farms without changes include the scrapping of three the Native Vegetation the Threatened Species Conservation Act and the Nature Conservation Trust Act. Parts of the National Parks and Wildlife Act will also be repealed. The legislation will be replaced with two new the Amended Local Land Services Act and the new Biodiversity Conservation a result of the as well as plans to continue allowing logging of native a recent report by the National Parks Association said endangered koala populations in were failure climate change says minister Read government is completely failing to conserve and protect koala the report said. can lay claim to be the most poorly managed species in eastern at present which is hugely disappointing in light of their beloved has been contacted for and South South Wales on on via on on on on on this content

Congressman of has formally entered the race for chairman of the Democratic National Committee after a brutal election day loss that left the party leaderless and in shock. win when we harness the power of everyday people and fight for the issues they care said in a statement on afternoon. is not enough for Democrats to ask for support every two years. We must be with them through every lost every tuition and every time they are the victim of a hate crime. When voters know what Democrats stand we can improve the lives of all liberal who started his career as a community has emerged as the clear choice among progressive Democrats after their stunning loss last weekend. Many from the Sanders wing are seething over their decision to run a legacy candidate in a year when the electorate demanded think we need a chair who is going to go lead some around this country in the so people get to know him and get to feel that this is a party of working men and working women around this said on a conference call organized by the liberal group Democracy for who is black and would be a symbolic rebuke to presidency. Throughout his the Republican antagonized black and voters with his incendiary rhetoric and policy the chairmanship is a test of the future as it rebuilds in the coming years. Had she would have selected the probably someone from her inner circle. The formal selection of the chairman will now be conducted by party many of whom were strongly in favor of over Sanders. Ahead of the Sanders endorsed an early supporter of his candidacy. The senator sent a petition to his supporters backing that has already garnered a few hundred thousand signatures. Resistance and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read friend is a terrific leader and a strong progressive who knows how to get things said Senator Harry the outgoing minority in a statement. is the time for new thinking and a fresh start at the Now is the time for Senator Chuck the probable incoming Democratic minority also backed for the post. On Warren said he would make a chair. On rolled out several dozen more endorsements from elected state party chairmen and labor leaders. Among the most prominent Democrats on the list were Senator of and Senator of faces opposition from the former governor who previously served as the chairman after his run for the nomination in 2004. Former governor Martin who ran for the Democratic nomination this said last week that he is a hard at the role. Whoever becomes the next chair will replace the interim who assumed the role from Congresswoman in stepped down on the eve of the convention after hacked emails revealed that party officials had explored ways to hamper Sanders in the primaries. As support for the former said he believed the congressman would make a messenger for the party but said experience is know the mechanics I just want to make sure we get this Dean said in on night. He very happy to let somebody else be the face of the Dean said. on on via on on on on on this content

A doctor who took temperature hours before she was diagnosed with is facing a disciplinary hearing next it has who volunteered in Sierra in her first year after graduating from medical will appear before the Medical Practitioners Tribunal Service over the airport screening of following her return to the in referral emerged as she was giving evidence in the case of another volunteer who is accused of concealing elevated temperature before she became a senior nurse with more than 30 was described as a by the former international development secretary Greening in a government promotional campaign. But she now faces being struck off over claims she recorded temperature as normal during a screening at airport on 28 who twice nearly died from the was cleared of misconduct over the recording of her raised temperature can be the first sign of and went on to develop one of the worst cases on record for people treated in the the Nursing and Midwifery Council in east on Wood faced three misconduct charges. She allegedly recorded a temperature lower than it was during a screening process at was because she knew this was and failed to escalate the potential marker for appropriately. Twitter Wood was the face of a 2014 Behind the to encourage volunteers to work in Sierra the the case told an panel that temperature had been taken by who had returned from Sierra with Wood and first reading from her left ear was above the average body temperature of and higher than the threshold of that requires further assessment by a consultant in infectious had stated that she was in after taking temperature in her left and right ears and finding it Hall said. told her to stay we were both a bit said hearing was told that an elevated temperature was considered the first reaction to which can kill within five asked if she was feeling She said she was feeling told the hearing in a written witness statement. stood there in shock. It was like I was I had no clear thought process. is such a horrible disease that every time you have a high temperature you even when you know no reason said only the three medics were present and that Wood the inertia by saying something just going to write it down as 37.2 so they could out of here and sort it three medics had returned to a screening area described by various witnesses as dangerous and even chaotic by some of those Hall said. They had been asked to fill in a Public Health England form and wait for a medic to take their temperature. Amid the they decided to record their own the hearing was subsequently allowed to leave the screening area and enter the arrivals section because her form did not state that her temperature was above At some point had taken the panel meanwhile informed another volunteer doctor returning from Sierra questioned about her temperature and urged her not to fly on to returned to the screening area where her temperature was taken three more times. Only one of those readings was above the threshold of and she was allowed to fly night fell seriously ill and it later emerged that she had one of the highest virus loads on claims to is impaired by reason of your denied the charges on her hearing was told had felt warm on the plane but later said she had been joking. The volunteers on the plane with including had it to her sleeping in a In who works at hospital in was the face of the campaign to get volunteers to work in Sierra to help stop the spread of the worst outbreak in history. Greening said at the like spending on the treatment wards are an absolutely essential part of our efforts to control and defeat this terrible admitted becoming about the decision to allow an incorrect temperature to be recorded when was initially screened. was worried about I was worried about I was worried about myself. I know what we had done right and it may lead to she told the told the independent panel that by the time she got to the arrivals hall she knew that they could not leave the airport and informed another who was a registrar in infectious of the elevated temperature. On was taken back to the screening denied allegations put to her by counsel that emails she had exchanged with were intended to or who works at the Royal is under investigation by the General Medical Council and is scheduled to appear before the next March. misconduct which is scheduled to last until 25 on on via on on on on on this content

hard to imagine a more version of a band than La Femme. For all that their second one of the is wholly accessible and dripping with fantastic it exudes a sense of cool that bands rarely manage any more. It tries on a wardrobe of different clothes surf and more and ends up looking fantastic in all of them. It sounds also made La Femme proper pop stars in As their manager guides me into a brasserie in their home turf in clutching a copy of leading pop culture to hand to the and Got. La Femme are on the although a certain amount of about the fact that the only person pictured is their like a Vogue observes. Twitter Singer this a boiling day in early the album has been out a few and is No 3 in the midweek charts. When the tour reaches in they be headlining the Proper pop you see. Their increasing has meant attracted some curious fans. Take who is in his and has the words La Femme tattooed across his throat. likes to smoke crazy weed and take a bunch of says the show he listens to the album and dances At which point in so far as he can while cramped into a tiny booth in a crowded with his lunch in front of him and a bottle of red on the table mimes someone dancing in the manner of a deranged ostrich. I have to speak to him. I know very happy to be but people think weird. And if too going to kick you and guitarist Got met at secondary school in near the where summer is alive with holidaymakers and winter is dead. little in the way of live music and nothing much else to do. are four bars at a junction where everyone goes to says. we like it too because if you are dressed too or too hipster or too trendy they call you a fag. So a bit hard to grow up in if you are really Twitter Watch La video for on soon as they the pair moved to to dream up a band. Their the unpromisingly named collapsed because their singer only wanted to one day a week. And so they formed La a group that would as puts Underground or Very They were listening to underground from the and from the They also knew their group had to look great. always said that if we had a it had to be fucking and look in there were only two problems nowhere to and no interest in them. They emailed 50 clubs in asking for and got just two answers. At the the stage was so small the bass player had to stand at the back of the crowd with the sound plugged into the mixing desk. They had only eight songs because some of the crowd had turned up they went back to the beginning of the set when they had finished and just started over. Twitter La Femme at the Rock en Seine festival in August. came the move that made a quite magnificent stunt that hoodwinked the entire music industry. The band had recorded a for a small and decided that going to would make them famous. So they emailed 100 venues in the again asking for gigs. only two people but one of them offered to help out. New band of the La Femme Read went to US with each and this girl found us 20 says. at the same our was released. So the industry was the They have an out and they are touring in the US and we know So the buzz began to start. When we came back to it was red carpet. Fucking Twitter Watch La on were duly signed to former home to and Their debut Psycho Tropical reached No 33 in and La Femme were on their taking any opportunity that came along Saint catwalk performing at Psych in where looked like anything but a was almost he a huge hat and a In Is he sure he look like a He ponders for a moment. I looked like Merlin. It was so magical. I was so happy. Like the sun shining La Femme play Bush on 17 travel was paid by and on on via on on on on on this content

being the middle of an international break with not a lot going the Fiver has decided to embark on the unique media wheeze of taking some reasonably banal comments made by a blowing them slightly out of proportion and then sanctimoniously said player for his arrogance. is the man who has fallen under our judgmental gaze for having the audacity to wonder why his team should have to bother playing the likes of A predictably World Cup qualifier between the two sides ended in an 8-0 win for the world champions over the prompting to ponder the point of it all ... much like the Fiver does every moment of its waking like the one against have nothing to do with professional he moaned after his side had swatted aside the of the mountainous in do not understand the meaning of games such as more so with such a busy Now while the Fiver is prepared to concede that it can kind of see where is coming from on this it could be argued if nothing games such as these could at least be treated as timely for players enduring uncharacteristic goal droughts in their domestic leagues. The kind of for who has failed to score in any of his eight appearances this and might relish the opportunity to get his eye for goal back in by filling his boots in the inevitable slaughter of As luck would have is one such player and the Fiver help but feel that his conspicuous absence from a featuring eight goals may have contributed to his slightly Cup 2018 10 talking points from the latest matches Read the did concede while such games are rather a chore for his they are a very big deal indeed for minnows such as and he also believes such mismatches could expose footballing such as to unnecessary injury risks when they are forced to go with He is not the first to question the relevance of such cannon fodder. Many before him have wondered if we might not be better served by banishing tiny nations to the early stages of some sort of qualifying from which just one or two would emerge dancing celebratory jigs after earning the right to get 8-0 by the big to this elitist nonsense has incurred the wrath of the with one blazer making the decidedly salient point that actually football. In a lengthy rebuttal of also said that games against the World Cup holders provide revenue for teams such as and are a source of great pride for those who participate. he stopped just short of a certain dictator most would rather forget when telling that has taught you that is not always a guarantee of finished up his impressive tirade by making the irrefutable point while their national team is very good at is ultimately a country populated by people who wear socks under their Somebody summon the fire service quick because just got burned. QUOTE OF THE got a red card for no I know why. The referee says I started the whole but I was the only one ending on the so how could I have started pleads innocence after finding a novel way to get sent off against by yanking down Twitter very nearly laughed out loud at Dale joke about playing an event that is as rare something that is very rare indeed. The fact that he did not win letter the day leads me to the sad conclusion that vote rigging has now reached the echelons of Fiver no other readers who could expect a legal if we could be thanks for nothing. After years of suffering through my regular dose of nothingness my pulse raced at the thought of finally finding something of interest. How I finally of lower league a chance to read about the manager of my beloved United. With a thankful heart I embarked upon your latest missive only to no mention of I have been lied to and I blame you entirely. How could you title your email and orange and not expect us to think it is going to be about Carpenter. A team for Probably not Taxpayers I mused. on further musing Mike understand logic Fiver but if Trump were to it surely is more due to his resemblance to their current who has gotten a job he long coveted yet seems utterly miserable. A glance at the tables shows that a wish to retreat from foreign entanglements is another thing they have in musing about what football team might may I suggest A club governed by an autocratic family who remained steadfastly unconcerned about the protests of the who support it as it slips into I feel Trump would find much to admire. and also called the tangerines see the Welsh FA backtracked over the wearing of poppy armbands as they were put off by the thought of paying a financial penalty to they have just worn them and then asked Bale to dip into his newly massive pockets to pay any After he is still one of the Will Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly. BITS AND annoying bout of minor has led to being a doubt to start 2-1 meaningless friendly defeat by on says he is fit and ready if United need him. In other Granny Fiver says she is fit and ready if Brad needs her. Twitter Fit and right. via about this. still international fortnight. As part of some advertising gimmick or other have confirmed that Bolt will indeed train with the club. no a club suit. coach likes the idea as well. Of he visit us in an important week with but maybe in the will have more time to focus on being the next after announcing that he is to do one from New City has been plucked from the bingo hall to sit on the bench for Iron 1-0 in their match against Nearly there. And after scoring a on his debut against Serge has admitted he thought his was a prank. coach called me up but I had to think about it for a bit whether it was true or he honked. are so many hoax calls from radio shows and I really did not want to be a victim of STILL WANT the best man for Are Wales already doomed in their quest to reach the World And should build his team around Those questions and seven more are answered by International Football Clairvoyant in the latest round of World Cup qualifying talking points. an attacking what not is a he have us playing like mad says in this chat with From to and to picks out the Premier most improved XI. Fisher was on hand to watch the Posh defeat the Paupers yesterday and concludes that have much to do if they are to make a Championship return despite being a point off automatic promotion. aka The had earned 25 international caps before he was old enough to vote but few football fans know about his unfulfilled talent. Until now. At was an unlikely choice for a bodyguard but the refugee was trusted with minding during the time at New Cosmos. Lewis recalls a story of pitch invasions and photographers. and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND TYPE OF MEMORY THAT TURNS YOUR BONES TO on on via on on on on on this content

In the early months of a student called Mark got so he tripped over a coiled snake of cables in his dorm smashed through his ground floor window and ended up face down in the wet whereupon the girl he had admired came round the arms linked with her all had to step over the fallen future billionaire before he puked on himself. It has the most humiliating moment of his of that is true. But what does it We are fully ensconced in the world. The greatest editor this paper ever had it that are by the apparently used to have this thing where he brushed his teeth a certain way so the flecks of toothpaste would make a rude shape as they hit the bathroom has I think the idea that fake news of which a small amount of content influenced the election is a pretty crazy address these comments. Comments that were made using the method of letters written on cards lit up by fairy a la Stranger influence of false content on cannot be regarded as when it garners millions of shares. And it runs deep. The less truthful a piece the more it is shared. In he seems to have shot himself in the by saying it was fake news on had an impact on the but also boasting that was responsible for 2 million people registering to vote. So which is Does have influence or Where do these stories some are created by teenagers in That isn't a do these stories some are created by teenagers in that one a joke kids looking for cash just catering to demand. Many more come from people we now term the who cook up stories on boards such as and social and are then either by genuine sites or shill and are then shared again on social media by accounts with the Frog or eggs as their avatars. a bit like the water but if the water cycle were of these stories are frankly ridiculous is not the leader of an underground and cater to an increasing number of conspiracy theorists. But others are relatively benign if wildly inaccurate. They have still begun on message boards created by the same people who and I will not sugarcoat this refer to people who are not white as better term for many of the might be For is an ambiguous term and encompasses many forms. they are who reject mainstream conservatives and despise But also lurkers who probably bid on memorabilia and have moved from white supremacist sites such as Then the bought in bulk. And on social there are the bots and accounts to inflict automated insult to be the is more successful as an In Real Life political force than the left. Years ago I wrote about how filter bubbles and likes did not translate to direct political change. And in I was writing about whether social media strategy would take him all the way to the White House. Twitter A Trump protester arguing with a Trump supporter who repeatedly slapped his hands in have at least for the right. The silent Trump Many board discussions in the lead up to 8 advocated this as a strategy. In worried sometimes that rhetoric was too and might his chances. They had a What the collective does is the opposite of trolling. Trolling a term misused often originally referred to winding people up for the The had an end it for the unlike the it extended to snaring the general the left cannot combat this rise of the of fake news and social media without the help of tech companies. The problem to use Dick they at it. Twitter is a company whose abuse problem might have been the reason nobody would buy like a child standing over a broken vase declaring that he break the vase and that the vase broken and what continues to maintain that it is not a media company. despite the fact that of users get news from the site. If that a media then what friction here is that if one says that companies such as and Twitter need to make editorial then people shout censorship. Except already censors. owned by removes any photograph with a female nipple in it if you run it through the Prism so it looks like a Thanks to this removed one of the most famous journalistic photographs of all time. Twitter removes propaganda videos. All if a decision of what to publish and not to of what stories are worth pursuing and which if you want to call it censorship. Anything else is signed up the of misogyny Read better at social media and activism disparagingly known as is imperative at a time when trust in mainstream media is low. To rebuild that trust is partly down to the media by diversifying for a becoming more reflective of demographic makeups. But sensible citizens should fight back just read sources that align entirely with your but equally indulge bullshit. Question sources. Read closely. a picture that clearly shows the Champions League winners from 2005 is not a rally in 2016. is not dancing at the Cenotaph. that picture widely shared of a disgruntled looking bunch of White House staffers was not them watching greet Trump. But a is a is a now in a chief of strategy to Trump who has as executive chairman of articles such as control makes women unattractive and and thinks nothing of building a whole piece on casual antisemitism. We have a who penned in journalists at his has continued to goad the press even after his election and who has history of threats against journalists. Yet his team ran a highly successful social media which took advantage of targeted ads and scooped up millions of email addresses in the have Silicon having the smug gall to call for a secession of after despite tech by their sheer contributing to his win. We have Peter still on board and sucking up to Trump. The surge of the right has taken the orange one all the way to the Oval and the left I guess the left had elections on on via on on on on on this content

In spring 2006 four years before outgoing president would enact the Affordable Care Act my ran out of his arrhythmia heart medication and ended up in the with severe chest pain. Trump appears to soften on and emails Read was uninsured. At the insurance companies could still deny you coverage based on a condition in his a chronic heart condition caused by the muscular dystrophy he was diagnosed with at age three. Since he was 20 years old in he was no longer covered under his and his job provide health benefits. So he had no way to refill his medication when he ran out. That led to severe chest which brought him to an in New told the admitting nurses and the attending doctor about his condition. Diagnostic tests showed he had abnormally high liver a symptom of muscular dystrophy. But also a of cocaine use. Despite our the doctor convinced himself that Dick was abusing cocaine. He had to get a second opinion in order to believe what has been lifelong was the first time Dick would encounter a doctor ignorant about his but not his navigating the murky waters of free clinics and hospitals as an uninsured patient. But for the last two the has made it possible for Dick to have broader access to health insurance better doctors. His condition is being managed successfully for the first time since he was a Republican lawmakers have been gunning for the since before it even passed. Mere hours after Trump was declared the US Senate majority announced that the Senate would prioritize repealing the yet act. And under a Trump that could actually Trump said late last week that he would consider keeping the condition provision as part of his own reform his proposal would nonetheless have dire consequences for not just people frightened that their health history would again put affordable out of reach. As pointed out last a blanket ban on discriminating against conditions without the public exchange and subsidy aspect of would suffocate the free market premiums would soar. And that would trigger a rising uninsured rate across the board. If plan is to keep parts of the while axing there will still be a snowball effect that will penalize the people that rely on it. Unraveling the progress made under the would threaten the health and economic wellbeing of a large group of It would mean people with disabilities and chronic conditions in particular be able to properly treat their if at all. It would mean their health would deteriorate which would make it harder to maintain a job their ability to maintain a home. Since insurance is never a an repeal would mean the difference between security and is fortunate to have insurance now. But if he were to lose or if it became we would lose the safety of knowing an appointment away from medication. And that would put him back in that emergency with that untrained doctor who just believe not a on on via on on on on on this content

chief campaign strategist said a national with campaign forecasters like Silver and New Upshot had deeply worried the Democratic presidential campaign in the final weeks of the and could have hurt voter were the election polls so How Trump defied predictions Read at a conference held at New La a pollster and consultant who also worked on successful campaigns in 2008 and said a number of factors contributed to stunning defeat last including actions by director he singled out the relatively new phenomenon of reporting on elections not just by examining national and state but by forecasting probability of a candidate winning by looking at aggregates of polls and other factors. odds of winning the election on the the New Times forecasting were on election day and only began to plummet as results came in late in the a lot of the coverage and obsession with Silver and and the Upshot focusing on the probability of a said. I think when we have people talking about whether there is a probability that is going to win as opposed to her being up in the polls a real concern. Because you want people to think an election is was one of several election officials and political pundits to speak on a panel about the US election is not he is not journalism and it is not and yet journalism is now obsessed with it because it is cheap news. I can throw out They even discriminate polls they is a terrible thing inside a for people to think that that election was won. Hated inside a campaign. is a difference between people thinking is three points ahead in the and someone who they think is a god of probability saying there is a chance she is winning. Maybe they will have another drink at the bar and not also pointed to a lack of trust in which he blamed on the fallout of the economic and said role as a helped the incoming Republican president. Twitter Why elected factors claimed as reasons for defeat include an alleged failure by the campaign to ensure the support of voters. president and chief executive of the US Chamber of Commerce told the Guardian on that after Trump built his campaign on immigration thought this election cycle would be was advised once again by Beltway advisers who knew it had the models and the but who called it leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read echoed who reportedly told donors in a private conversation that she blamed actions by for her by pointing a finger at the saying decision to announce the discovery of new alleged evidence in the investigation of use of a private email server 11 days before the election have an said voters who were on the fence about and contemplating support of including Green party candidate had begun coalescing around in the last weeks of the until the letter went always had a group that were Trump defectors and a group that were said. defectors began to come back around to the Republican he said. then our defectors started to come home until that and once that we saw them to the sent a second letter two days before the saying no new evidence of wrongdoing had been said the trend of voters switching allegiance after first letter was in and in where Stein garnered strong support among liberals and where lost by one elections on on via on on on on on this content

Trump sent conflicting messages about his hopes for the supreme court on saying he will appoint justices who will send abortion rights to the but conceding he was with marriage equality it was already Trump's immigration start by deporting 3 million Read made the comments in his first broadcast interview as with 60 which aired on evening. Trump also suggested he might retain parts of and said that he intends to deport as many as 3 million undocumented migrants with criminal supreme court has had eight members since the death of conservative justice in Senate Republicans have refused to even consider nominee for the Garland. The vacant seat became a central campaign issue for and host asked Trump whether he would appoint a supreme court justice who wanted to overturn Roe v the 1973 case that upheld the right to Trump said. going to happen. going to The judges will be he to do with abortion if it ever were it would go back to the states. So it would go back to the That did not mean women would not be able to get an Trump but perhaps have to have to go to another see what he added. got a long way to just so you understand. That has a long way to Trump suggested that women should face form of for having before reversing and saying states and Congress should lead by whether he supported marriage which was made law by the supreme court in v Hodges in Trump suggested the case did not concern him to the degree of Roe v he it was already settled. law. It was settled in the supreme court. I mean governor Mike has opposed marriage throughout his and supported programs that purport to change sexual orientation. Pence also signed a religious freedom law that sought to allow people to refuse service to couples because of religious convictions. said he considered the matter resolved. cases have gone to the supreme he said. been settled. fine with Twitter Why elected was on the other about gun saying he wanted to stack the supreme court with justices that would defend those rights. talking about the second amendment and trying to dice it up and change going to be very Trump lists priorities as he insists Republicans have Read advocates last won a major battle in the supreme court in the 2008 case District of v which ended with a 5-4 ruling written by that broadly affirmed the personal right to firearms and overturned a ban in discussed a number of another issues in the including the brutal nature of the election campaign. you have to be he discussing his and choice of words in clashes with opponent and exchanges with whom he met at the White House on and wish for conciliation if he was still planning to appoint a special prosecutor to look into use of a private email a threat to which he added possible jail time when he made it in the second debate last he said he would about he to on all of these other things that been talking supreme marriage on on via on on on on on this content

Sending an email to everyone in the company is usually a guaranteed way of making yourself but the potential for annoyance is even greater if you have 1.2 million staff complained on Twitter about a sent by an IT contractor at to everyone in the as well as replies to all in response to the leading to claims that the entire email system had health service statistician estimated that at least including replies to all asking to be taken off the distribution had been clogging up digital said 840,000 accounts were affected. waste of a working day due to some in sending email to entire unable to connect and do my job wonder if this is why I can't log in to at the moment you're trying to get in touch with us please be it seems has gone down for the time being. We'll reply ASAP. for the individual that sent a test email to the entire user and bravo to those that to 1.2 million people have received approx 151 emails in error this morning. That's 186 million needless emails so far message to users described the global email as a severity service It issue with a distribution list has meant that several test emails have been widely received by users. This has been exacerbated by recipients replying in response and increasing the volume of emails associated with the impact of this issue has meant that some users are unable to access web due to the volume of emails being circulated. The distribution list has been removed and associated emails are being traced and cleared. In the users will experience slow performance with and email delivery delays from internal and external sources to a statement dictated over the phone due to the problems with the email an Digital spokeswoman users have experienced short delays in the system this morning. Action has been taken to resolve this number of email accounts have been operating slower than normal due to an user setting up an email distribution list which inadvertently included everyone on the system. As soon as we became aware of the we deleted the distribution list so that no one else could respond to it. We anticipate that the issue will be rectified very to the have trebled since the email system was introduced in May. The secure email service is approved by the Department of Health for sharing and sensitive on on via on on on on on this content

and to lead Trump White Trump announced two major chairman of the Republican National as chief of and former of website and Trump campaign as strategist and senior So who are appointment caused his website has been charged with carrying antisemitic and sexist stories and peddling conspiracy theories. He was also accused by his of making antisemitic faced domestic violence charges that were dropped and was found to have been registered to vote in at an empty house where he did not though he subsequently changed his registration. He and were said to be working as and to lead White talks supreme court made a number of policy suggestions in an interview with 60 and also admitted that his promised wall on the border with will partially consist of fencing. He plans to deport as many as three million which seems at odds with statements made by House speaker Trump also said he wants to appoint supreme court justices who will send abortion rights to the but said marriage was Further an analysis of policy pledges made by Trump in a speech at last immigration start by deporting 3 million Twitter 3 million immigrants to be says worry for gun say they expect Congress to pass a federal law that would dismantle restrictions in states including New New and Trump has endorsed a reciprocity law that would make concealed carry permits valid in all 50 states. Gun control groups call this threat to public Gun rights advocates say it would be a victory for civil rights. Local restrictions may be wiped out under advocates movement braces for labor movement fears that the Congress and the supreme court will take steps to hobble ranging from appointing a National Labor Relations Board that does bidding to erasing an array of administration including one making overtime pay available to millions more movement braces for battle with Congress and criminal justice reform progress presidency has seen issues with the US criminal justice system gain national media attention and his administration has looked to address the problem. considers the progress made and the limitations of actions. Many of the executive actions could be undone by whose campaign was openly hostile to progressive criminal justice made progress on criminal justice reform. Will it survive the next the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a call a weak defeat of decades of scheming and an extraordinary international roster of powerful players to lay the groundwork that made his election writes. Also the gutting of the Voting Rights the actions of director reality Fox and many other call a weak it took decades of scheming to beat threatens to cut sales of US would be a fool to launch a trade war against a Communist party newspaper has claimed. On the campaign Trump called China a currency manipulator and threatened tariffs to the An editorial in the newspaper warned of batch of orders will be replaced by Airbus. US auto and sales in China will suffer a and US soybean and maize imports will be halted. China can also limit the number of students studying in the the paper threatens to cut sales of and US will be hottest year on will likely be the hottest year on record for the third year in a meaning 16 of the 17 hottest years will have been this according to the United Nations. The World Meteorological Organization published on at the global climate summit in found the global temperature in 2016 running above levels. Greenhouse gas emissions remain the strongest factor in temperature increases. Climate change was largely ignored during the US a failure of the writes Oliver and presidency throws the future of US environmental protection into doubt. He has threatened to withdraw from the climate will be the hottest year on to face founder will face prosecutors in embassy on more than six years after he was accused of rape. sought asylum in the embassy in fearing extradition to the US over releases of classified US embassy cables. During the US published emails damaging to severed connection at the over fears he was using it to influence the to face prosecutors over rape hit by is recovering after earthquakes on prompted tsunami swallowed twisted railway lines and left towns and cities damaged. In a small town at the heart of the tourism more than 600 residents and 1,200 tourists were cut off by landslides. Across the two people were confirmed to have been living on a waking New count cost of case you missed of Coyote most popular videos shows him writhing around in agony. just been stung by a tarantula a giant wasp considered to have the painful sting of any insect. his real first name is is the host of the Brave Wilderness a show that sees him around the US and Central encountering animals and insects and often being attacked by quest to be attacked by US on on via on on on on on this content

Student Years Until graduated from grad school in the year of the global financial crisis. Known for congratulated me on my graduation and recent engagement with a letter informing me that my monthly payment of nearly would be due just in time for the holidays. I grieved over the thought of making these payments. Then I acknowledged the immensity of my wiped my tears and sent our wedding guests the equivalent of a breakup wedding No no sign of no happily ever after. Just desperately to relieve myself of debt as quickly as I scheduled automatic loan payments. I diligently paid my monthly student loan payments for six consecutive years without ever placing my student loans on deferment or forbearance. I operated under the pretense that if I did what I was to go to obtain a pay my debts the universe would reward me for my valiant efforts by extending a concession. The Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program was the answered prayer I thought would help lift the burden of student loan debt. Or at least lessen the spent most of my career working for organizations earning an annual income that is incontestably considering that my total student loan debt is equal to the cost of a modest starter home in certain parts of the United States. My grandmother's death saved me from a life of debt Read problem with loan debt is unlike a starter it offer equity or shelter. it is often the exploitative product of families and desperation and the willingness to protect industries at the expense of the millions of students who are beholden to exorbitant interest hidden fees and inescapable private in the does not automatically make me eligible for but deceptive marketing and my own despair made me buy into that idea. I believed that was a reward for taking the advice of guidance teachers and who navigated me towards this career. With the help of a representative who reviewed my loan confirmed my eligibility and helped consolidate the majority of my loans into one monthly payment that resulted into a substantial I was officially enrolled in the my initial payment under the loan forgiveness program was gratifying. Never had I been so excited to pay a bill. After six years of two monthly automatic payments of and with no end in making one payment of half that amount for only four more years until all was forgiven was a blessing it After my initial payment under the program I received an email informing me that my payment had been increased by over despite having a income. The was that the payment increase was less glaring than what it would have been if my recent household been reduced to one after my recent layoff. Tell us about your life in the how do you survive with Read started in 2008 as a United States financial crisis had morphed into a 2014 personal financial crisis that offered fewer life preservers than before. I had become my primary breadwinner. I had a child I had to clothe and an almost inoperable car I afford to replace and the unwavering audacity to want a quality of life. Knowing that for over six years I had paid a cumulative amount of over in student loan interest and that a program designed to help public servants was instead confining me to indefinite resuscitated the tears I had wiped away in 2008. This time I attempt to wipe them I called the placed my loan on forbearance for the first time since my grace period ended in 2008 and resigned to the fact that perhaps my teenage college dreams would have served me better had they been life in the on on via on on on on on this content

Sometimes I think I have never seen anything as strong as That mean that I like and admire everything about her. not here to argue about who she just to note what she did. I watched her plow through opposition and attacks the like of which no other candidate has ever faced and still win the popular vote. To defeat her it took an unholy cabal far beyond what faced when he was the campaign of swimming with the tide of disgust about the Bush administration. As the New Times the time all the ballots are she seems likely to be ahead by more than votes and more than 1.5 percentage points. She will have won by a wider percentage margin than not only Gore in 2000 but also in 1968 and John F in Twitter concession know can flip that and see that Trump was such a weak candidate it took decades of scheming and an extraordinary international roster of powerful players to lay the groundwork that made his election possible. Defeating in the electoral college took the 2013 gutting of the Voting Rights Act by Republican appointees to the supreme court. It took vast Republican voter suppression laws and tactics set in place over many years. It took voter intimidation at many polling places. It took the long Republican campaign to blow up the boring bureaucratic irregularity of use of a private email server into a scandal that the media obediently picked up and reheated. US yet to join ranks of countries with female leaders Read took the director of the using that and his power to stage a misleading smear attack on 11 days before the election in flagrant violation of the custom of avoiding such intervention for 60 days before an election. It took a compliant mainstream media running after his sabotage like a golden retriever chasing a tennis ball. It took decades of conservative attacks on the served as deputy counsel to the Senate Whitewater that fishing expedition that began with an investigation in a messy real estate deal in before Bill presidency and ended with a campaign to impeach him on charges related to completely unrelated sexual activities during his second took a nearly reality The that deified racism and narcissism as essential to success and power. As the feminist media critic points Trump said and did was framed in a way to flatter and more flatter his The colossal infomercial fictionalized the cheating businessman as an unqualified success and gave him a kind of brand recognition no other candidate had. It took the full support of Fox whose Roger was so committed to him that after leaving the company following allegations of decades of sexual harassment of he joined the Trump campaign. It took the withdrawal of too many from even that of journalism into the partisan unreliability of sites and bubbles of social took the mainstream of failure to address climate change as the most important issue of our time. It took decades of most media outlets letting the propaganda arm create the false framework of two equally valid opinions rather than reporting the overwhelming scientific consensus and tremendous danger of climate change. To stop it also took using as a tool of evidently considering his grudge against the Democratic nominee important enough to try to aid the campaign of a racist authoritarian. now appears to have so close a relationship with that he often appears on the channel and news site RT. He tweeted protests when president information was included in the Panama Papers hack and has been coy about where his leaked information on the Democratic National Committee came intelligence experts say it came from and made it clear that he favored win. The day dropped his the New Times ran a story reassuringly titled Investigating Sees No Clear Link to with its own underplayed revelation buried the officials have become increasingly based on the evidence they have that direct goal is not to support the election of as many Democrats have but rather to disrupt the integrity of the political system and undermine standing in the world more beef over loss is with liberal young and old Read it took a shortsighted campaign of hatred on the an almost hysterical rage like nothing I have ever seen before about any public figure. Some uncritically picked up outright and spin to feed their hate and rejected anything that diluted the purity and focus of that including larger questions about the other candidate and the fate of the Earth. It was so extreme that in recent I was attacked for posting news stories on social media by furious people who took the position that to be overtly was to be covertly If the perfect is the enemy of the whose friend is The greater of two A lot of people seemed to think the primary ended the night Trump was elected. I saw that from climate and others who you might expect would have turned to face the clear and present danger of a Trump presidency. I for much about failure to address the pipeline adequately which was and but overshadowed by what we heard so little million dollars or so invested in the pipeline and the guarantee he would use presidential powers to push it and every pipeline like it through. impossible to disconnect the irrational emotionality from and the misogyny continues. Since election been hearing too many men of the left go on and on about how was a weak candidate. wondered about that word not only because it is so often associated with but because what calling her weakness was their refusal to support her. as if sent a pink lifeboat and we sent it because we wanted a blue and now we are very upset that people are as my brilliant friend put it some point soon we need to discuss whether Sanders would have been able to but helpful it just sounds like Democrats should have cut into lead in the misogynist vote and the vote by running a white come to terms with the racism and the misogyny before analyzing the because otherwise just going to replicate it forever. And if you think that the angry vote won Sanders would have fared let me remind you that patriarchy and white supremacy are the cornerstones of the I know that if had been elected there would not be terrified and weeping people of color all over the small children too afraid to go to a shocking spike in hate students with smashed dreams marching in cities across the country. I deplore some of past actions and alignments and disagreed with plenty of her 2016 positions. I hoped to be fighting her for the next four years. But I recognize the profound differences between her and Trump on immigration and and her extraordinary tenacity and courage in facing and nearly overcoming an astonishing array of obstacles to win the popular vote. Which reminds us that Trump has no mandate and sets before us some of the forces arrayed against us. elections on on via on on on on on this content

Adult dating and pornography site company Friend Finder Networks has been exposing the private details of more than accounts and making it one of the largest data breaches ever according to monitoring firm Leaked which took place in resulted in email dates of last browser addresses and site membership status across sites run by Friend Finder Networks being exposed. The breach is bigger in terms of number of users affected than the 2013 leak of 359 million details and is the biggest known breach of personal data in 2016. It dwarfs the user accounts compromised in the hack of adultery site and only the Yahoo attack of 2014 was larger with at least accounts compromised. Friend Finder Networks operates of the largest sex sites Adult Friend which has 40 million that log in at least once every two and over accounts. It also runs live sex camera site which has over adult site which has over and and an unknown domain with more than accounts between Finder Networks vice president and senior told has received a number of reports regarding potential security vulnerabilities from a variety of sources. While a number of these claims proved to be false extortion we did identify and fix a vulnerability that was related to the ability to access source code through an injection also said that Friend Finder Networks brought in outside help to investigate the hack and would update customers as the investigation but would not confirm the data chief told are aware of the data hack and we are waiting on to give us a detailed account of the scope of the breach and their remedial actions in regard to our Leaked a data breach monitoring said of the Friend Finder Networks were stored by Friend Finder Networks either in plain visible format or hashed Neither method is considered secure by any stretch of the hashed passwords seem to have been altered to be all in rather than case specific as entered by the users which makes them easier to but possibly less useful for malicious according to Leaked the leaked account details were 78,301 US military email 5,650 US government email addresses and over accounts. The leaked database also included the details of what appear to be almost deleted according to Leaked complicate things was sold to Penthouse Global Media in It is unclear why Friend Finder Networks still had the database containing user details after the and as a consequence exposed their details with the rest of its sites despite no longer operating the is also unclear who perpetrated the hack. A security researcher known as Revolver claimed to find a flaw in Friend Finder security in posting the information to a Twitter account and threatening to should the company call the flaw report a is not the first time Adult Friend Network has been hacked. In May 2015 the personal details of almost four million users were leaked by including their login dates of post sexual preferences and whether they were seeking extramarital director of threat research at is attack on is extremely similar to the breach it suffered last year. It appears to not only have been discovered once the stolen details were leaked but even details of users who believed they deleted their accounts have been stolen again. clear that the has failed to learn from its past mistakes and the result is 412 million victims that will be prime targets for attacks and other Over of all the including those hashed with were cracked by Leaked Source meaning that any protection applied to them by Friend Finder Networks was wholly Source this time we also explain why many recently registered users still have their passwords stored in especially considering they were hacked once managing director at security firm clear the company has flawed security and given the sensitivity of the data the company holds this cannot be Finder Networks has not replied to a request for comment. profile glitch millions. Even Mark who stole nude photos of celebrities gets 18 months in about the under how to protect and computer on on via on on on on on this content

After spending tens of millions of dollars in hopes of electing the labor movement fears that the Congress and the supreme court will be hostile to labor and take numerous steps to hobble unions. These steps can range from appointing a National Labor Relations Board that does bidding to erasing an array of administration including one making overtime pay available to millions more workers. are going to be some challenging said Lee president of the Federation of County and Municipal which has 1.3 million members. just going to have to hunker Trump's conflicts of interest take White House into uncharted territory Read who is chairman of the political fears that Congress might enact a national which would prohibit any requirement that employees at unionized workplaces pay union fees. also worries that the supreme court after Trump nominates a presumably conservative justice to fill the vacancy left by death will rule that government employees be required to pay union fees. Labor leaders fear that such moves would encourage many workers not to pay anything to unions representing depleting union treasuries and making unions weaker in lobbying and politics. Many Republican lawmakers are eager to weaken unions because they are major supporters and funders of the Democratic party. After the supreme court in a v in which a public school teacher asserted that a requirement that she pay fees to the union representing her violated her first amendment rights. are at least 27 cases in the lower courts that would do the same thing would and you have to expect that one of those cases will bubble up to the supreme said. will be a major challenge for Twitter People against the Teachers Union rally in front of the US Supreme Court building 2016 in There are another 27 cases pending Mark Images new Republican with the help of his has signaled he will push for a following in the footsteps of and And with Republicans winning a in both houses of the they might be able to enact such a law over a likely veto by the Democratic governor. an employment lawyer who served on the under president said he sure whether Trump would push to hobble labor unions. much this guy cares about labor issues and whether going to do anything about I have no he said Congressional Republicans were eager to enact measures and would press Trump to go along. said Trump was likely to appoint members who would seek to reverse decisions made by the board under He predicted that a Trump board would undo a rule that has sped up union representation giving companies less time to fight against unionization efforts. said a Trump backed by the business would scrap efforts by the to make it easier to declare employers like joint employers with their individual franchisees. Joint employer status would make Burger King and other giant franchising companies for legal violations by franchisees and more vulnerable to unionization drives. A Trump would take aim an another board initiative one that bars employers from making workers sign waivers that prohibit them from bringing class actions on like wage violations or sex discrimination. And a good chance the Trump would reverse the decision to give graduate students at private universities the right to unionize. If the take such the Congress might seek to. other hot issue on the Hill is workers using their computer system for said. The board has ruled that employees have the right to use their email system for activity if also permitted to use it for other personal workers say lockout aims to destroy corporate Read more said he doubted Congress would enact a national to law because there were enough Democratic senators to filibuster to stop it. a professor of labor history at added that Republicans might see little reason to push for a national law as they saw additional states moving to enact such laws. Pointing to a future think the unions will face the biggest He added that federal unions would be on the except for the union representing Immigration and Customs Enforcement which endorsed Trump. With Trump voicing hostility toward many labor experts say he may seek to undo numerous among them those enabling millions more workers to qualify for overtime pay and requiring federal contractors to report labor and violations. Twitter US Democratic presidential candidate had cheered plans for an increase in the minimum wage. With the percentage of workers in unions dropping to predicted a further decline for labor under Trump. status quo in labor policy is toxic for the union movement unless the status quo is changed in a positive he said. Nonunion such as the Restaurant Opportunities Center and the Coalition of Workers in have become increasingly effective in pressuring and said a Trump might seek to change definitions so that these groups would be considered labor which would subject them to stricter rules on picketing and other activities. One of the few bright spots for labor last was that voters in and voted to raise their minimum wage to an hour by 2020. In voters approved an increase to by 2020. As Congressional Republicans signal continued opposition to raising the federal minimum more such state actions are expected. we take these issues closer to the able to move there is popular said. the state and city we can do things. The cities are the laboratories for rebuilding the labor on on via on on on on on this content

The world is shocked that elected Trump as its 45th president. Exit polls show that the country is sharply divided on Trump along the same lines as its sharp divisions on climate ideology was the single strongest determining factor in the election. of Republicans voted for while of Democrats voted for Ideology is also the primary factor associated with acceptance or denial of global as climate scientist explained eloquently in this Twitter Global Weirding with Episode was the determining factor in the presidential election. Trump won white voters by 21 percentage won minorities by 53 points. Minorities are also far more likely to accept and be concerned about climate change than white As Bee white bear responsibility for electing Twitter Full Frontal with divide was the determining factor in the presidential election. won urban voters by 24 Trump won rural voters by 28 points. In many cities are leading the way in taking action to curb global voters younger than 45 went for by a while older voters preferred Trump by 11 points. Voters under the age of 30 voted for by an margin. young are far more likely to be concerned about climate change than older there is a gender though smaller than many expected. Despite accusations from 15 women that Trump or assaulted and a recording of Trump bragging about sexually assaulting he only lost the female vote by 12 points the same margin by which he won the male and approximately the same margin by which beat and among women. White women even favored Trump by 10 and white women without a college degree by an astonishing 28 points. misogyny dissuade women from voting for him. They normally favor Democratic presidential candidates by a margin of about 20 points more than men. also the margin by which women are more concerned about climate change than did elect and then important to remember that as with Gore in more voted for than her victorious opponent. Gore received about a half million more votes than W. Bush. will likely receive over a million more votes than Trump. Bush and Trump were elected because of the antiquated electoral college the popular vote was closer in 2016 than in 2012 or 2008. Republican voters were willing to forgive many disqualifying flaws. They care about his constant lies. per cent of evangelicals voted for Trump despite his long history of immoral behavior. But many voters willing to overlook the scandal of emails. And much of support was concentrated in areas like my home state of where she won by over 28 while enough rural white Trump voters were distributed across swing states to give him narrow victories and electoral college votes. Trump won four states with a total of 75 electoral college votes and by margins of 1.3 points or the same reason why Republicans control a large majority in the House of Representatives despite receiving more than a million fewer total votes than their Democratic Republican voters are more widely geographically distributed than urban Democratic voters. has become a that minority being rural white explaining the election result is simple Republicans voted for Trump and Democrats voted for received more but Trump won most of the states in which the vote was close. Trump won in areas with less whiter populations with fewer immigrants. In these insulated people fear their way of life is and largely right. The US a coal manufacturing country anymore. Trump promised to change but he and his policies will hurt his voters. is changing and not the fault of Democrats or but Trump made them scapegoats and made empty promises to turn back the clock. Democrats need to find a way to connect with and help these groups who feel the government on their does this mean for the John wrote last now that the Republican Party controls the US they own climate change. For was the country most to blame for obstructing international efforts to curb climate change. Our senate refused to ratify the Protocol. President W Bush refused to take any action to cut US carbon pollution. Senate Republicans blocked the cap and trade legislation passed by the House of Representatives in 2009. over the past four the US has taken action and shown leadership in tackling climate change. As a humans had a slim chance of keeping global warming below the dangerous limit. Trump and congressional Republicans have vowed to reverse that progress. The energy page of official presidential transition website focuses on extracting and burning lots and lots of fossil fuels and scrapping climate Trump has already appointed a climate denier who wants to dismantle the Clean Power Plan to lead the transition. If the Republican party continues on this the costs and suffering from intensified heat and sea levels engulfing coastal etc it will be on the do we do the we must continue trying to break through Republican science denial. Many Republican policymakers are rumored to accept global warming in we have to change the political climate so that this a disqualifying position for a party leader to take in public. There is no reason that Republicans have to deny climate science and in the only major political party in the world that and most of their voters support climate action. We can donate to and volunteer to help bipartisan climate groups like Climate which is working with policymakers from both parties to build the political will to solve the climate problem. These groups are now more important than probably be able to limit global warming to but is less damaging than and less than 3.5 or As the renowned climate scientist once climate change will be a combination of and suffering. never too late to take action to limit the amount of suffering our children and grandchildren will face due to climate cities and states will have to keep leading the way in cutting carbon pollution. will have to keep fighting to rid the of the intellectual rot that currently plagues the party. And while fight to right the the rest of the world will have to pick up the slack and fight even harder against climate change. As said in her gracious concession loss hurts. But please never stop believing that fighting for right is worth get to work on Make Smart change Consensus the gas on on via on on on on on this content

As New counts the costs of the in rounds up the latest developments. living on a waking New count cost of earthquake Read it for the live for now. There will be more updates on our New earthquake 2016 page. commanding officer of the ship being sent to the says his priority will be rescuing 500 stranded main aim is to get the people out he Force Officer of chats with us before the ship departs tonight for 2016 Members of the public inspect the damage to the road on the Wellington water front rain has added to the risk of land Wellington city council has warned. The acting civil conditions are right for so motorists should be extra especially on blind bends. Better stay home if you buildings in Wellington are still be checked for earthquake People are being urged to check with their employers on the safety of their workplace before returning to work. earthquake was the worst ever emails reader who lives in in Lower north of life is slowly getting back to normal despite the he says. There was no damage to my house or but my house was built in 2000 to modern earthquake codes. My are all fine to. We lose power or but there was power outages to Upper to the north of and to the Lower All power is now restored. The trains and buses are now running again into Wellington. I even went shopping at the supermarket this afternoon. There has been a steady stream of military helicopters flying from Army base just north of to the south. The aftershocks are trying we have earthquakes of magnitude 3-5 every 3-5 minutes. Hopefully back to work tomorrow. A breach in the north of is not as severe as previously according to civil authorities. They warned people to stay away from the river but have decided not to evacuate residents. river has partly breached and the volume of water is less than initially engineers will be in first thing New news site Stuff says a land slide dammed the river about upstream from the north of The water burst through the wall of debris about A helicopter in the area saw the breach and the water beginning to roll downstream. Aerial photo taken and received on shows debris causing a huge north of on the South east coast. Mark Images has footage of those stranded cows on a tiny of clumped of grass somewhere near Cows stranded on after New earthquake aerial video You can share your eyewitness photos and videos or news tips direct with our journalists via our page. Please think about your security first when recording and sharing your content. Aerial photos taken by New show rockfalls in several areas in the upper South according to a update from the the Acting Commander Joint Forces New is clear from the photos taken by our personnel that the major route from to is impassable. So is the road from to Springs and the one from to also confirmed that has been deployed to help evacuate large number of tourists and residents in as well as bring aid supplies to the worst hit areas. A landslide blocks State Highway One and the main railway line north of Mark I am handing over to my colleague Weaver now. He will keep you up to date with all the latest developments as a battered New prepares for storms to hit overnight. Thanks for reading. A earthquake hit near Springs in the north of South New at people are confirmed main roads and rail lines have been badly damaged and are of people were evacuated to high ground after a tsunami warning was issued. The warnings were but people remain advised to stay away from waterways due to strong waves and a town of about 2,000 in the South has been almost completely isolated with roads closed and phone lines down. There is a state of emergency in place for the thousand tourists will be airlifted out over the coming and a frigate is also en route to evacuate people. It could be two weeks until the roads the prime toured the affected area and said the which could cost the nation was are severe weather warnings for the northern parts of South which could hamper the response river dam has been sending a wall of water downstream and threatening think the quake might have actually been two quakes in separate strong aftershock hit near Cheviot in the South Island. A woman has been pulled alive from the rubble of a collapsed have been advised to boil drinking water in the town of Raglan after water supplies were affected by the quake. New are counting the cost of the earthquake that swallowed twisted railway lines and left towns and cities smashed and our latest full report on the aftermath of the quake living on a waking New count cost of earthquake Read more

thousand how much time you could potentially waste on email over the course of your working according to a recent Post article. To put that number in roughly equivalent to spending five years on the writer we spend our days of how we spend our And we are spending our days largely on email. The average office worker dips into their about 11 times an receives about 147 messages a and spends nearly of their total working week in their way to a better not Read just because spending all this time on email mean enjoying it. When I talk to people about their email the most common feelings they mention are and overwhelm certainly not enthusiasm. research shows that the more frequently we check our the more stressed out we why do we spend so much time doing something that we particularly The fact is that even though we might not care for the content of every email we many of us are addicted to the act of checking email. It activates a primal impulse in our brains to seek out rewards. And in this regard not very different from in the the psychologist BF Skinner invented a device called the conditioning now known as the Skinner which he used to test theories on rats. Skinner wanted to see what effect different kinds of positive such as food and negative such as electric would have on the he experimented with putting the rats on a fixed schedule of reinforcement. For if the rat pressed the lever inside the it would receive a food pellet. If it continued pressing the every hundredth time the rat would receive another pellet. Skinner also experimented with a variable schedule. In this scenario the rat know when the reward was coming. It might have to press the lever 20 times to get a or it might have to press the lever 186 times to get a pellet. The system was and the rat could never know exactly when the reward was the rats were significantly more motivated when they were on the variable schedule. Skinner found that even if he took away the rewards for the rats on the variable they would keep furiously pressing the lever for a very long time before giving up much in than the rats on the fixed schedule this starting to sound familiar For better or humans respond to positive rewards very similarly to rats. And as a economist who studies the irrational actions of explained to email is a random rewards of work is making us miserable. learn to live again Read of the time when you the to check your email you get something disappointing or bothersome a communication from a frustrated client or a boss with an urgent request. But every once in a while you press the lever and you get something exciting an email from a friend if really a cat video. And those random rewards that we find so addictive. They make us want to push the lever again and again and even when we have better things to it cuts both while you might get something you also might get something upsetting or And that feeling of queasy uncertainty is another aspect of strange many times have you confidently sent off a message only to find yourself just minutes over why you have not yet received a Wondering if your request or your phrasing had been received as it was Worried that you yourself should have written back said something asked for or asked for problem springs from a lack of social feedback. Normally when we communicate with someone in or even on the we are reading a thousand little social cues as we talk and deciding what to do next based on those cues. It often happens that we will start to say something but based on feedback we get from the other think better of it and take another tack. When we communicate through that social feedback loop is absent. Emails lack the facial physical and vocal tone that typically shape our interpretation of what someone is saying and allow us to adjust our delivery in order to get our true meaning results in what the psychologist calls a natural towards email. argues that if the sender feels positive about an then the receiver usually feels neutral. And if the sender feels neutral about the then the receiver typically feels negative about it. In other as if every message you send gets automatically downgraded a few positivity notches by the time someone else receives all well and you might be but what am I supposed to do about solution to our email problem lies with getting more in touch with what makes us uniquely human. Overcoming the negativity and allaying some of its attendant requires us to upgrade our empathy and enthusiasm when it comes to digital communication. To communicate more like feeling humans than impersonal robots exchanging recent study done by the people behind the Boomerang email crunched the data from millions of email exchanges and found that messages that expressed emotion were most likely to get a response. And among emails using positive words and subjective language earned the most replies. In other messages that encouraged people and expressed a point of view were the most effective. We want we want to communicate with people who are interesting and quality that separates us from animals and robots alike is the ability to set goals and pursue them with focus. As we are uniquely equipped to train our attention on a given task and keep it there to not be distracted by random rewards or false urgency or of missing To focus instead on goals and meaningful rewards. But right now we are choosing to succumb to addictive allure and to let it dictate our our and our lists at work rather than up the willpower that we know is necessary to turn our attention away from our data is clear about the drawbacks of living in email. Those who process their messages nibbling on notifications and multitasking throughout the are significantly less productive and less happy than those who process their email in choosing two or three discrete time blocks per day to focus on their email so that they can ignore it the rest of the it comes to exercising just a little goes a long way. Can you go an hour without peeking into your Can you distinguish between truly urgent and Can you say to some opportunities so that you can say to your bottom line if we want to get out of the productivity rat we have to stop acting like A masterclass in How to kill email overload and get real work takes place at the Guardian offices in on 16 Spaces are filling quickly so book your place or explore the full range of on our on on via on on on on on this content

In a day where the visitors went the better part of the first session without losing a that a bad fightback from the as the afternoon wore on. During the final session in particular all batsmen were put under enormous pressure by quicks and through a marathon stint between the but only one wicket that of Warner And even that came in bizarre delivery ricocheting off his thigh and arm before landing on the stumps. half century came from 91 balls. He was routinely beaten outside the as too were Warner and then Smith but held his nerve before on some loose deliveries towards the end of play. That end came prematurely on the basis of bad seven overs lost. So be back again at for another long day at tomorrow. A long day where will have plenty of work still yet to do knocking off the 120 runs of deficit that still in an innings where may well be batting for his career. In be sure to tune and follow every over with us here at the Guardian. Thanks for your company. Have a good night. it. Stumps. The umpires have called it off. gather my thoughts for a final wrap in just a jiffy. I wish I could make a Mount Wellington reference. But truth I see it through the clouds. There are patches of blue sky either side of but to get back on now is a tough ask. Would require a lot of wind in a hurry. Three of the four umpires gathered in the middle having a so either way know pretty soon. have knocked off half the with the loss of only two wickets. Two days to go. Game not over 2016 36th 121-2 Smith cover driving on the up and doing it with style. You get four runs when doing that. it came the ball after he was beaten outside the Oh and now off for bad light. Let me go outside for a tic and see if I can make a prediction about the likelihood of them returning. For what little that is worth. Stand by. 35th 116-2 Smith Just a single from in response to a relatively quiet over. Just doing a job to give the quicks a rest the spinner. Fourth ump is out there to take a light reading. The would relish the chance to get out of there and into the showers a fraction earlier than scheduled. 34th 115-2 Smith Philander is angry. Got Okay. He demonstrates this with some more annoyed stares after dispatches a long hop through cover point to begin the over. Later in the set he took a this time behind point. It was full and but he did enough. Then a single to to end the over brought Nicely played in rugged circumstances. 91 balls to get there. Good going from the number three. Has to get to stumps though. 33rd 106-2 Smith Rogers makes a fair point about the importance of the current two sticking it I was be praying they get through four more overs so he has the benefit of a ahead of with his career pretty much on the They get through first over after drinks easily Smith pumping him over midwicket when dropping short. Remember it was Smith who in exposed by getting out when set late in the day. Will he look after him As they take a whip through some comments. Drew asks if is the best umpire in the certainly a consensus forming around that given his freakishly good record in the heavily era. hurt that opposite Umpire this who is having a shocker of late. Forth emails in with an gag and Warner being able to watch it tonight without needing to worry about batting tomorrow. Gee got some out of the Warner in reference to efforts this subject best spells that did not yield a That it is. remember one from to and at 3rd 2010. They both went on to get massive tons as Any to 32nd 102-2 Smith A couple to the more set of the two men timing nicely through midwicket to a full delivery on the stumps. Philander repeats his angry fast bowler bit from the previous who throws this time around at stumps. No harm in that. What a great contest this is. 31st 98-2 Smith is on with his left arm from the River End to replace He races through his broken up by who revels in the change of pace by advancing down the pitch to clobber over Fair after what he has been forced to endure out there so far this afternoon. And believe it or there is a stat about his success with that very tactic. What a world. The Cricket Prof. has an outstanding success rate coming down the pitch in Test cricket. 101-1 2016 30th 93-2 Smith Tough yards for the when Philander is the man relieving from underneath us here at the Street End. As noted the attack leader came very close to breaking through immediately. A bit he collected the ball in his follow through to complete the over and did the old routine on Smith. As Bill would the tension the drama the buzz the crowd sort the it's a matter of record how often umpires get wrong. A smart team should factor that into decisions. 2016 NOT Umpires gets it right again. What a gun. It was clipping the bails in an umpires call kinda way. Good albeit one that took a lot of using every one of his 15 seconds to determine whether he was going upstairs. Has Philander picked up leg find out in a tic. 29th 91-2 Smith into the ninth over of his own and has dropped off just a tad. Reckon that might be his last confirmed in all likelihood by a stray delivery onto pads to end the over. The home captain makes no mistake in putting it away. 28th 86-2 Smith will bowl far lesser spells and take many is caller assessment of the nine over stint that has probably just concluded if body language is anything to do by. Without a wicket. Sure his final set is just as magnificent as the eight that came before concluding with yet another that beats the captain by a significant margin. Smith did strike a boundary through point earlier in the meaning that have passed their first innings You little Beneath the Southern Cross I situation this is test cricket at its best. Contest between bat and tension on every 2016 27th 82-2 Smith This pair from a brief rain but they are the only two who have been used since the final session commenced 65 minutes ago. And why would you change starts his set with a delivery that goes underground. see that coming a couple of hours ago. He then successfully beats twice in a six in three overs if I recall correctly. And I usually do. rarely see better fast bowling anywhere than these two at the moment. They deserve better. Admirable from to not lose his nerve in response. 26th 82-2 Smith is just beating Smith with a ball moving away from him off the seam. Yet another unplayable. were stiff on but experiencing some luck today. and he does it again later in the The carbon copy. Hard to the captain there. Is the best quick in the probably not. But in the frame. And will be soon. Wide World of Sports like a leg spinner at Still a lot of seam movement out there. 2016 25th 82-2 Smith Smith off the mark with a lovely clip straight of take three. is enthused from his fortunate second bending the back and beating been a mighty spell from the River End since Tea. Imagine these blokes in next week with a pink ball. Could be ugly Speaking of the Warner dismissal from side on. 2016 24th 79-2 Smith The captain charges out past his deputy making that unpleasant trudge from the field. But it is facing And he very nearly follows Warner into the shed when trying to force off the back foot with limited footwork at a time when leaving the ball should be the priority if they want to have any chance of eliminating this deficit. more comfortable when is patting away the remainder of the over. why you don't play a shot like Warner's first the game is hard enough without making it harder for yourself 2016 Oh what a He tries to take a nondescript delivery off his it strikes the thigh balloons into his and somehow lands on the woodwork. Warner is gutted. Goodness me. And that ends the 23rd over. 22nd 77-1 continues his over from the Church Street End. The first ball back is a forcing to take his hands off the bat as it arrives earlier than he anticipates. Next a delightful delivery that beats the bat. How often in the 45 minutes since Tea has that Around the wicket the right armer is tailing away from a bat. Utter class. Reminiscent of v in the 2005 Ashes come to think of it. Stumps are back in. Yet the fourth ump still has his umbrella out. Give it a mate. literally the only human in this cricket ground with a out. the players are on. Good news. The commentary use the rain break to run through their classic catches. Cue a camera looking at Mark with his 1999 gem at turning that pulsating Test included in the selection. What times to be a 15 year old. And Bill call as what a as a So light that the South are walking from the field rather than the jog you normally expect when people want to get wet. Just the cover down at this stage. expect be off for long. 21st 76-1 After being made to look a bit daft by supreme spell here in his previous Warner gets back on top with a push through cover to begin the over. And after a couple of good turns him into the onside for a single. Much better over Warner. Persevere then prosper. Reluctant to say but looking pretty dark out here. Rain 20th 71-1 Leans into a cover drive when is too as he did at will twelve months ago when he was making tons for laughs no matter what the ball or format of the game. The replay reinforces what a pretty stroke it is. Go take a look. 2016 19th 67-1 turn to make life as he already has a couple of times since tea. Hitting the he beats the outside edge with consecutive deliveries. No luck here for the bowler. South will be desperate to strike here while so on top. is brilliant Test cricket. Two of top slogging it out v a quality attack on a helpful pitch. Wonderful 2016 18th 64-1 Another eventful over. He once again squares up Warner with a delightful delivered from around the wicket. good enough to repeat the serve a couple of balls later. Utterly unplayable. Way too good. Forced to play due to the but jagging away from the edge after pitching. Warner collects three when driving past point as slightly gets on behind square to the last ball when he does keeping the strike. Meadows is fun to watch. Not so fun to 2016 17th 60-1 Warner done off the track again to start He is trying to drive the ball from a good length and is lucky not to edge to the waiting and cordon. away from danger with a push to seeing off the rest of the over. Without wanting to looking quite good since the break. 16th 59-1 Just as he did in the previous set turns the strike over to the first clipping fine. Warner does likewise when driving as he marches down the track. The consensus around the place is that it is getting better to bat by the and illustrates this by leaving relatively easily through the rest of the including a bouncer to finish it. 15th 57-1 continues from the River End with a few and a conventional gully in position. in the right area taking one to cover but the South will be encouraged if he keeps looking to score in that region. Warner content enough to see the over through. Plenty of noise out they can sense the pressure this team are under no doubt. Rogers on am liking this from Warner. Sometimes he is the kind of guy who gets to 20 or 30 quickly and then settles into his innings. It looks like he has has settled down a

My husband and I missed a connecting Airways flight from to in because of a late flight from When we got to we were told there another flight until the next which would have meant missing two days of our said that if we wanted to get the overnight ferry we could book it and claim the money back. I did just providing receipts of plus bus fares and meals. Eight days later I received an email from customer services saying it reimburse but what told me about your delayed I absolutely agree let you I was offered the refund due on your unused plus towards expenses. I started making this claim but was required to agree at the outset to whatever amount was and that this would be I queried this and later received an email and saying that my details had been given to the refunds and that I could contact them by letter. I did including photocopies of the unused which cost each. was deposited in my account with no explanation for how this was arrived at. My letter was even marked gone monetary shortfall is not but I am unhappy at our late arrival having had little sleep and not being able to use our hotel and dinner. I believe this is a suitable refund for something that was not of our making and avoidable by Last week we highlighted the leap in complaints about in our reflecting an apparent dramatic decline in its customer service. What is strange is that after initially agreeing that it had let you it made you jump through numerous hoops to get the refund it admitted you were entitled seems to us that the timing of this flight was too tight to allow you to and the flight is habitually late. explained to you the rather complicated refund and although it apparently offered you the opportunity to rebook for the next day on the next available we can understand why this was has since agreed to refund the difference between what you claimed and what you have already reiterating that it would on this cover the ferry tickets as well. It try to be as flexible as possible when a connection is missed as a result of a delayed and always offer customers the opportunity to travel on the next available welcome letters but cannot answer individually. Email us at or write to Consumer the 90 Please include a daytime phone on on via on on on on on this content

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own insights. I have recently been promoted to team leader in my workplace. It is the second rung of the managerial ladder. I have been working towards this for a year and finally got the opportunity to get the job. on secondment for two months and will get made permanent at the end if it goes explained in my interview that although I have a basic knowledge of the computer I have the knowledge that the other team leader or the manager has. Since I have been promoted I have had to text or ring one of them each shift in order to help with issues. I explained that I wanted training and needed it to be able to do my job but I have been told that going to be difficult to find the time. Things are going wrong and I am unable to fix them without knowing what to do. There have been occasions where they answered the phone and I have been completely made a call and been reprimanded for it the next this continues I see the secondment being made which would be from both as I want to take the job permanently if this is what is to you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply on on via on on on on on this content

Even when vacancies are there are three types of who will always have a harder time getting work. Are you fear there is plenty you can do with your to ensure you get an job the wrong person is an expensive so understandably recruiters are wary of applicants who seem to have a habit of changing five most common problems and how to fix them Read the same frequent job hopping has become more and more common. A recent survey showed that of expect to stay in a job less than three years with of this group planning to change their current job before 2020. So how can a job hopper stop employers seeing them as a You need to focus on what you gained from the experiences. The benefit of job hopping is that workers are more accomplished at doing different work and are regularly adding to their skill sets. So it makes sense to write a focused on your skill set and achievements. Use facts and figures to show that you generated value for past employers. For major clients generating an increase of X amount in annual If you can do the recruiter can imagine you creating the same tangible value for out your risk unemployment rate hit record lows in the this summer at a figure not seen since the turn of the Of that around are unemployed who have been unemployed for more than a been out of a job for some it becomes even more difficult to find work. If not quite hit the find something to occupy your time and fill you be it freelance work or been unemployed for longer than six there are ways to make yourself more employable. Alongside try a less conventional approach to contact hiring managers directly by phone or email. also important to your profile and get in touch with people in your professional to avoid the top six most common job interview mistakes Read half of all hires are made from job even though they make up only of all applications. If you can find someone on the inside to push your or if you can make a personal connection with a hiring there is a much greater chance that they will overlook the gaps on your overqualified job it is tempting to assume that being overqualified is a good not always the case. Recruiters may make some confused such as the candidate wants more money or is likely to leave for better offer. Hiring managers need to know that you understand the job on and that requires an explanation. Perhaps choosing less responsibility for a better or you want to go back to what you were doing before a promotion. Whatever the best explained. Your cover letter is the perfect place for this sort of information. A summary can also help you say where you where and how that will benefit your new is holding you you can always upgrade your to make you top of the pile. above tailor your to match the instead of sending generic to many different for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career on on via on on on on on this content

One Nation senator Rod has accused chief of of for allegedly throwing his phone at chief of the leader of One brushed off the saying it was an and the had been out of a interview with Guardian said One Nation was aware of his legal issues before he nominated for the party but his decision to support the referral of his eligibility to the high saying it was made without the facts of the revealed his draft terms of reference for a royal commission into and plans to sue the commonwealth for a greater share of revenue for Western challenges election of One Nation senator Rod Read the reported that allegedly threw his phone at chief of following an argument over a proposed told Guardian he had not witnessed the but and two other witnesses had said the same that had very and thrown the phone after she had asked him to put a request in come into our office and do not acceptable. The severity of in every an incident has to be reported ... as I understand it an incident was said the incident was act of an not the party and everything was still as in One has contacted and for comment. On tweeted that had her adding that what he was going through difficult and i have stated many has our full support. We know what he is going through is difficult stressful. about One decision not to pay his legal fees in a challenge against his said he had never asked or expected it to. would have thought that the party ... in a supportive way would have not agreed to refer it to the high because the party and the senators did not have the facts before he repeated his intention to represent saying he did not need lawyer to come in and start sucking off my left tit ... because it dehydrates said he had been with One Nation about his legal including a conviction for larceny that forms the basis of the challenge. The conviction stood at the time of the but was later annulled. When agreed to the move to refer the matter to the high she cited a declaration from that he had been eligible to but said it was a matter of honesty that would have to be tested by the told Guardian he was together an affidavit which clearly shows the party knew my true position right they had emails of where I was with my court so the party was fully informed before I even filled out the nomination said as a One Nation senator he was not obliged to vote with his colleagues. He did not confirm his final position on the Building and Construction Commission but the commission a shark that has no teeth ... that sucks on the teat of the government Industrial issues should instead be prosecuted in existing he it be such a loss if Bob Day and Rod disappear from Read said he had come to parliament to do three up the get the banking royal commission and get the back for Western so that state can draft terms of reference for a banking royal commission propose investigating consumer protection for credit revaluations of assets that put consumers in default of their loans and the adequacy of the Securities and Investments Commission and Prudential Regulation Authority as said the which set an ambitious end date of 30 and were delivered to the Labor opposition on only have to smile and it will draw blood on the buttocks of the called for an interim moratorium on all foreclosures and for to immediately agree to set up the which the government has repeatedly refused to do in response to Labor said Western had been deprived of which he described as the the state needed for threatened to sue the commonwealth if it did not increase saying the claim would be based on section a constitutional provision that says the commonwealth cannot discriminate against states with respect to is probably going to save bloody promised a claiming the high rules had been the parliament for a number of He cited a discrepancy between the high court rules and the section of the law dealing with issue of which must be in the name of the the attorney told the Senate the matter was a technical discrepancy between the rules and high court which did not amount to a breach of the not to accuse judges of argument that judges have not properly sworn allegiance to the Queen has been rejected by several courts as unarguable or without on on via on on on on on this content

The former finance director of software group Autonomy has been accused by US prosecutors of and paying individuals who questioned his financial a filed on and seen by the is alleged to have masterminded an elaborate financial fraud designed to deceive and a investigation by the US Department of the company director is facing a criminal trial in If found he could serve up to 20 years in prison and a be forced to pay penalty. the computing paid to buy Autonomy five years the biggest ever takeover of a technology group. Mike the Autonomy collected over for his while received HP now claims it overpaid because directors exaggerated the who holds an and advises the government as a member of its council for science and has not been charged. Sources said this weekend that prosecutors may be hoping to pressure into turning against his former boss and providing evidence with which to prosecute Lynch. an alternative source familiar with the legal process questioned this saying the statute of limitation would now have passed and action against Lynch could no longer be indictment is squaring up for a legal battle. He has retained John the elite US attorney who defended banned cyclist Lance during the justice investigation into doping by professional cyclists. He is best known for successfully prosecuting White House aide Oliver North over the veteran and marine corps leader who went on to become one of most formidable other clients have included the Black Panther party leader Cleaver and Frank an investment banker who overturned three trials before being exonerated over allegations linked to the stock market listing of companies during the said in an emailed statement that his client would be at He said was innocent of had defrauded no and had acted at all times the highest standards of integrity and is a shame that the Department of Justice is lending its support to attempts to blame others for its own catastrophic said in the email. is a citizen who properly applied accounting rules for a company. This issue does not belong in a US criminal one of the more serious the indictment alleges that on 28 Autonomy to fire a finance officer in the United States who questioned whether financial statements were accurately have not named the individual concerned. in a case brought by HP against Lynch and in high court last the employee is identified as chief financial officer in the US until his dismissal on 28 prosecutors allege that together with in a fraudulent scheme to investors in objective was to ensure Autonomy exceeded the quarterly projections for its revenue and profit maintain and increase the position within the to enrich themselves and others through salaries and and to make Autonomy more attractive to potential purchasers and long list of charges claims the director misled market made false entries in company and made and misleading statements to regulators in response to inquiries about its financial is also accused of and paying off persons who raised complaints about or openly financial practices and claims against and Lynch were made by HP last year. The US which acquired Autonomy in a doomed attempt to transform itself from a manufacturer of personal computers and printers into a more profitable software is suing the pair at the high court in is claiming in damages in what is believed to be the largest ever civil prosecution against nationals. Its suit claims US finance was dismissed after raising concerns with the and with the then the Financial Services Authority sent an email to the on 26 allegedly raising a red flag over dealings with resellers of its software. Autonomy was once a leading light in the cluster of tech firms around university. It in corporate search designed to speed up the process of trawling through massive databases of text and audio is HP for claiming the firm has ruined his reputation. Neither of the cases is expected to go to trial before claims that attempted to blow the regulators did not open a major investigation until after HP had made its first complaint about accounting improprieties at Autonomy. The Serious Fraud which led the dropped the case in citing evidence for a realistic prospect of a has placed his earnings from Autonomy into a new Invoke which invests in tech firms. He joined on a trade mission to China in and is due to speak at a conference by the website in in acquisitions and and on on via on on on on on this content

All needs to do in in two weeks is take a minimum of third place and he will be crowned world champion for the first time. must win and hope finishes in fourth if he is to win his third successive world could have been so different. was struggling to see out of his visor at the beginning of the race and somehow avoided a spin and crash on lap 46. But nicely poised. Join us in two weeks for the season finale. Thanks for and for your emails and tweets. wins drenched but holds on Read more This race was crucial in the context of the world finishing 11 seconds behind his lead over the is now 12 points going into the final race. 1st not it will be remembered for the conditions five safely two red flags and the brilliance of a Bull Racing for A great drive to recover from after his final stop to take the podium The Dutch Commentators tend to get carried away sure you wouldn't hear this on the or at the Lap in so we go to the final race of the season in comes home to claim a quite remarkable third place. never seen driving like especially in these conditions. for unlikely to rain in the last emails Peter van Formula 1 POINTS SCORERS 2016 Lap has taken third. He held the inside line over for three and the eventually yielded. The crowd roar. They are loving especially with out of the race. Lap still leading this still second. Eleven seconds between on bring it 2016 Lap into Down the inside of and three seconds behind in third. Three laps to three seconds. Absurd driving from the Lap Now has overtaken First he tries on the which but the can do nothing about the next which takes on the forcing onto the grass. pushed me off the track. I was a little bit ahead with my nose and he pushed grapes from nothing wrong with that. Just fantastic driving. Lap And you can add to that overtaken into sixth. never seen driving like this. Racing through those puddles like they are nothing. Lap is looking to defend his third position. in fourth and in fifth bearing down on the Lap It looks as though going to make it to the end of this race at 71 laps. Still a lot of racing and a lot of time for to continue this charge. Could he make an unlikely Lap has retired. The is absolutely flinging his gloves to the floor back in the pits. being released at the end of this remember. Lap All the action is with who is now in seventh. The The Formula 1 cruises past and then done the next one is 2016 Lap At the top of the has got a lead over Looking comfortable. Lap takes with a great move round the outside. drops to seventh. has moved past his and then into He is a Lap in an almighty battle with for sixth. Formula 1 crossed at battling for 2016 Lap is third for Force what a drive had RACING has had to go to the medical as a precaution following the sensor readings in his accident 2016 Lap is on the up into 11th past Lap racing the safety car is off the track. with just but recovers. at the back of the field in 17th. Lap has pitted to come off the intermediates. They obviously expect to see the race go the full distance of 71 laps. now in seems like a second ago that he was passing into Bull Racing conditions Max and pit under the safety car to switch to the extremes. 2016 Lap Fifty three laps completed. many crashes do they want to impossible out says like a exclaims are just waiting for a Lap safety car is going so slow that struggling to keep the temperature in these says has pitted to fit full wets again. Lap Safety car still out an email from guessing it will be dry in for the final grand so cannot see so long as his car holds up not finishing worse than second. seems to be the race driver actually able to take on the cars though and he could be very desirable in the years to Lap Some of the marshals out on the course are in tears at the news of crash. The driver has walked back to the pit where he receives a guard of from the other teams. and all among those to hug as are his family. The entry to the pit lane is now so hope that nobody comes hurtling down there. a lot of people out there hugging to 2016 Lap Remember got to get to 54 laps for their to be full points and got about 30 minutes to complete. So it looks as though there is going to be full points. Good news for Formula 1 CLASSIFICATION All set for a dramatic finale at as the drivers queue up behind the Safety Car 2016 Lap crash is really going to hurt lead of 25 seconds over has been wiped as has his 46 second lead over in fifth. Lap spins crashed in his final race on home soil. terrible for the but what does that mean in the context of this race. The safety car is out once is he gets out the crowd and waves to the before holding up a flag to the adoring crowd. wet through. Formula 1 the way wanted to end his last he soaks up the applause and cheers of the fans 2016 Lap in fifth. in 10th. Formula 1 SECTORS Bull Bull Bull 2016 Lap he came so close to crashing coming into turn but corrects himself and continues down the home straight unhindered. That was so nearly a championship defining moment. Caution is the name of the game here for take second at this currently 18 seconds behind who has no spray to contend with. Lap takes fights but to no Lap Pit stops for both Red Bull. is now on the and he in fifth. does the takes his and comes out in Bull Racing pits on Lap 41 for inters and to take his 5 second penalty. He returns to the field in 2016 Lap comes down the inside of to take This is vintage driving from the we seen those moves for a Lap If comes 3rd today and Lewis first the title will be decided in emails in if Lewis is first and is second the championship goes to correct. Lap Heavy rain is expected in five minutes or so Lap It seems the intermediate are working. is the quickest driver on the track at and also on the is going well. are apparently. He still with in third. Lap saved there says Red Horner. heartbeat went a bit higher replies the driver. Formula 1 is How did he keep it out of the heartbeat went a bit higher 2016 Lap spins coming into the home He slides sideways down the looks destined to hit the but somehow corrects his avoids the barriers by a few and continues down the straight unhindered. did lose and comes haring up the but defends his position at the first to keep the world championship leader in third. What by the Amazing Lap is on the He charges past on the straight to take ninth. Now 1.7 secs to Meanwhile Button is changing to the but even after that the is still 1 in for The 2009 champ bolts on a set of think we have to try says 2016 Lap is fading and pass him to relegate him to 13th place. What a race this is turning out to be. Lap records the fastest lap of the getting close to within zone behind LAP 2016 Lap That was some move by The kid is just 19 years remember. moves into usurping into the points. as we hate to say was a mighty fine 2016 Lap takes to take The Red Bulls are flying out there. Remember power is less of a factor out the bravest drivers are being has a penalty remember. Lap And first into the first in third. The spray is But wait takes the wide line out of turn and out of and he takes second

I have spent 42 years pushing against a patriarchy that tries to tell me what to look what to who to demur and that there are many things that I do because female. The weaker I gave birth. I be balled up on the ground if kicked in the groin. tiring and it takes a toll. And keep pushing in my own steady way. For Frank has taken the White House and he has the liberals to 10 to leave sexism out of his response piece wholesale one and to choose to use the word toward the end of his a word which conjures up images of women has a man been called leaves me frustrated and tired. whom sure is a wonderful person in many is as sexist as the next and faced his own inner or not you think had the best interest of the lower class and working middle class in for Frank to say that she really that her email server was a real issue and that would have been a better choice is just a cloak for his inability to face himself in the his or to the detriment of at least of half of Frank is not alone in his unacknowledged sexism. Even when we pit a woman against the least competent candidate we could for arguably the most important job there our society as a whole stomach voting for her. Voters literally stayed home from the polls rather than elect a woman. throw this Frank article in the virtual trash where it and instead read response articles penned by feminists all We have work to Amid the negativity and strong words about the result of the presidential it is important that we stay positive and true to our morals and unlike Trump. As a young feminist and member of the younger I can certainly say that I will not tolerate revolting words against women and those who fit his of a perfect citizen. From I am reminded of the standards of how men should behave towards with respect and events of this year have taught and to me the importance of staying positive and not letting morals and standards slip because of the of a leader such as Trump. has particularly to women and that anything is possible if you truly and that women can be and are champions for this. As she said in her is still much work to be and the only way we will aid the work ahead is if we stand together with positive energy and hope against people like fear and In an otherwise searching article 12 falls prey to the same negativism in attitudes toward women politicians that writing about. While it is true that staggering of white women voted against it is not true that a female candidate did not carry even the female Some of women voted for not all but all Is it possible that we are appalled by his have underestimated Is it possible that the unpleasant vilification of and ludicrous promises were his carefully calculated pose to woo those voters he as disillusioned with the establishment and longing for That the wall was never going to be that the secretary of state was never going to be sent to that the clampdown on communities could be quietly that would survive and trade treaties would remain is where he wants to be. He will have real power. He will use it to get what he really wants. He is a a negotiator. He knows how to choose and use talented people who can deliver his goals. Let us by all means be fearful of what those goals might but let us also look beyond the smokescreen of his performance in the campaign. Listen to the change of tone of his carefully emollient victory speech. Remember how he the other contenders and shrugged off the disdain of the Republican hierarchy. Let us hope that liberals will not write him off as a fool who cannot possibly It is interesting to reflect that while all recent US presidents W have made very public professions of attachment to the Trump does not appear to share this. None of his frequent utterances over the last year have alluded to and his actions and words during the election campaign were hardly those of a quite the opposite. So we may reasonably assume that the Tea Party religious a key influence in his is now headed up by an amoral infidel. That would be one of the weirder outcomes of 8 How come liberals encourage violence while exercising their freedom of speech 12 This is something never understand. You always speak of love and understanding when making conservatives knuckle under to your yet when you get your way after a fair election you unhinge like a crazed old. property foul language and disrespect for the individual and country. This is a liberal who loses. Your hypocrisy is The protesters in cities all appear to be in the twenties. This is the particularly if they are who have been brought up on the shibboleths of political safe spaces and cultural while being protected from viewpoints and literature running counter to their sensibilities. All of these are bound to trump democracy. They must be At a time of great uncertainty and anxiety following the election of we should seek inspiration from the recent past. The say you want a exhibition currently at the museum charts the exhilarating optimism of the late when millions of people tried to create a better world through fashion and positive social change and everything seemed possible. We must work to restore that spirit of To all those who claimed that attracting enthusiastic crowds was meaningless because it translate into guess Will there now be a rush of babies named even as a result of elections on on via on on on on on this content

is helping police try to find a grammar school boy who went missing after reading Down and Out in and disappeared from his home in rural more than two months leaving his parents a letter saying he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within a year. Police forces across the country have been asked to look out for and postal workers across the have joined the search for him. and police and the and have been anxious to get access to his believing it may hold clues over where he may be or who he may have made contact with before vanishing. has refused to comment directly on the case but is understood to be helping the police and the charity Missing which is also involved in the hunt. The job of finding has been challenging partly because he left without a phone or any electronic equipment. He had earned from a job washing up in a kitchen restaurant as did in and police are working on fresh leads after his parents made emotional appeals at the end of last week but have not given details. Speaking to the said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and she said. was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge For the last two summers his has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His went I think he was inspired by all that. We think that he felt he wanted his own was an avid his mother said. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been influence. He was reading on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule out that possibility. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in has not been seen since he left for grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my next day a letter arrived in the post. It Mum and I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near church. My bike is chained to the fence. to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took is described as of slight with light brown hair. may now have considerably shorter possibly Anyone with information should contact police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 on on via on on on on on this content

With the festive season again upon I am happy to help by suggesting a range of modestly priced Guardian and puzzle things for you to choose as crossword puzzle calendar. Each month has its own puzzle. As a bonus it is linked to a monthly prize competition and a newsletter for the solutions. There is a program available for downloading that enables totally blind solvers to take part. Of the home Puck and have each set one of the 12 puzzles. Of each purchase price of goes to the Children in Need with the remaining net profit shared between and the Pears for Specialist Learning. All is better explained at where the 2017 calendar may be Boatman has been setting cryptic puzzles for the Guardian since 2008. Last month he published which is what is says on the label his first 50 Guardian each with a story attached of how it came into of his thought processes in developing it and of the interaction involved between solver and so help editor. It should be of particular interest to aspiring setters and may help to disabuse them of the idea that all there is to setting a puzzle for publication is to upload Crossword Compiler fill in a grid and think up some passable clues. The book is available from or from what are known as the better In 2013 our very own crossword wrote a book to mark the conventionally accepted 100th anniversary on 21 1913 of the publication of the first crossword in the long defunct New World. Its title was taken from a clue set by in his anonymous moonlighting capacity as a Daily Telegraph This month has produced another which with the same informative and jolly style covers the 80 years during which the quiz has become a national institution to rival the is a compilation by author of the wonderful made up of 125 classic puzzles of the last 2,000 years from all over the world. They will keep everyone going for the full Twelve Days of and far available from I am getting a bit suspicious about the recent urge on the part of the security services and to come out of the closet and if not at least something. Within very living memory the Government Communications Headquarters it hid itself in plain view as the Government Code and Cypher School at would never comment on what it was up to or even admit publicly that it existed. But last month Penguin published inviting you to test yourself against more than 140 pages of puzzles and other challenges set by its code breakers. It even has a foreword by the Duchess of whose grandmother was one of the posh young women who worked as secretarial staff in at Proceeds from the sale of this puzzle book are to be donated to Heads the mental health campaign with which Prince and Prince Harry are connected. the Curator of the recently asked if I could help him with an even more abstruse puzzle than any in the books listed above. He looks after Shandy the house in the village of in North where the author of Shandy between 1759 and lived and wrote in the last half of his life the Observer crossword setter produced a published by Victor in 1934. Its final puzzle takes the apparent form of a novelette entitled You are told by the pages have been printed in an entirely haphazard order but that it is logically possible for a solver by intelligent reading to sort the pages into the only possible correct order. The story then allows the in some unspecified to list the six murderers together with their victims. The then generous prize of was offered for the first two correct entries but no record seems to exist anywhere of the solution to this more recent books have used the same known as book in a one where the pages are loose and in no particular order. One is by the experimental novelist who died in aged the other is by the polymath who committed suicide in aged 40. is working on connections between the three novels and the puzzle and would be greatly assisted by discovering the solution the puzzle. Any is under way to get the monthly Genius puzzle added to the system that handles the rest of the crossword puzzles. But it may take some time yet to get there the puzzle still has to be uploaded manually by the central production team. this uploading process seems to have been less in the last couple of months and my fingers remain Genius No 159 by Jack attracted 25 entries on the first day and 224 by the deadline. a regular faithful from was first in at on 1 but the next four I newcomers at the top of the entry and No 160 by had two old hands in first and second place at and from at followed by a considerable gap before the next of which there were 24 by the end of the first day and 268 by the deadline. The current Genius No 161 is the second to be set by Soup. In his true as Soup has just taken over from Tom as editor of the monthly crossword subscription magazine . This closes another Guardian crossword for the magazine was founded by in 1984 and edited by him until 1994. Tom known to us as edited the magazine from 2000 until this year. And designed and installed personal crossword from which he took orders for bespoke cryptic puzzles. Not there was heavy demand for the fees for which he donated to you have any technical problems with our crossword please email If you have any comments or queries about the please email For Observer crosswords please email editor's on on via on on on on on this content

Mark has said will do more to tackle fake news while continuing to argue that the spread of hoax stories on the social network did not affect the result of the US a post on his profile late on said hoped to announce new measures to tackle fake stories He all the content on more than of what people see is authentic. Only a very small amount is fake news and hoaxes. The hoaxes that do exist are not limited to one partisan or even to politics. this makes it extremely unlikely hoaxes changed the outcome of this election in one direction or the we want any hoaxes on Our goal is to show people the content they will find most and people want accurate news. We have already launched work enabling our community to flag hoaxes and fake and there is more we can do here. We have made and we will continue to work on this to improve fake news problem is not commentators and even outgoing president have raised concerns about its role in spreading false information during the election. Stories such as a report just days before the election that an agent investigating use of a private email server had killed himself were deliberately designed to tap into debate around the key tailors the its users see to what they and their friends have previously liked and especially partisan stories aimed at supporters of either candidate in the election could spread rapidly and in some cases earn significant amount of advertising revenue for their end of the election has not stopped the spread of false stories. The day after Trump was declared the false claims that President was planning to give a began circulating on the was already growing on to address its powerful role in shaping the information people consume after it removed images of a girl hit by napalm during the which it said breached its rules on nudity. The decision was later but not before a post of the image by the prime minister was taken post goes further in acknowledging the problem than his comments at a conference near last during which he said suggestions the election was influenced by fake news were it also outlines some of the concerns says are behind its cautious approach to becoming more involved in policing content. He is an area where I believe we must proceed very carefully though. Identifying the is complicated. While some hoaxes can be completely a greater amount of including from mainstream often gets the basic idea right but some details wrong or omitted. even greater volume of stories express an opinion that many will disagree with and flag as incorrect even when factual. I am confident we can find ways for our community to tell us what content is most but I believe we must be extremely cautious about becoming arbiters of truth elections on on via on on on on on this content

Imagine the world was facing upheaval on a scale not seen during modern a change that would imperil the great cities by the rising seas and snuff out species at at the fastest rate since the dinosaurs disappeared. Then imagine you were a had repeated chances to ask the next president of the United States about this and decided to not do apparent failure of the media during the presidential election has been multifaceted and fiercely debated. But the absence of climate change as a leading topic in the election of Trump is perhaps the single greatest rebuke to the idea that power should be held to account for the benefit of this and future failure was most apparent during the presidential where hours of television saw not one moderator question pitched to Trump or on climate change. It was left to Ken he of the red sweater and brief to come closest with a question about coal consequences of unchecked climate which is essentially what Trump proposes by denying the problem dwarfed every other issue including emails discussed during the debates. And yet it raised. It was the equivalent of getting an exclusive interview with and in 1942 and not asking them about the change was also missing in broader coverage of the especially on cable where scientific emergencies make good fodder for breathless journalism. The public were periodically warned that the seas are eating away east coast and that no not just it really is warm this but climate change was treated as a side issue rather than being central to every energy and foreign policy question the country is grappling with. a leading climate is the great issue of our time and we are skirting around it. just baffled by To be many also skirt around climate change even if they are concerned about it. Nearly of say that climate change is at least somewhat important to them according to the Program on Climate although few people talk about the issue with family or friends. are broadly in favor of developing clean sources of energy but a clear political divide about how to approach climate change. Polling by the Pew Research Center shows half of supporters cared about climate change a great compared with of Trump supporters. Maybe now that the reality of the next four years of president Trump is sinking a more considered view of the problems faces will take hold. Maybe people will realize important that left it to the very last minute to cut greenhouse gas emissions and that failure to do this will probably risk their prosperity and national security. Maybe the spread of disease and the rising seas will be grasped as something to be urgently remedied before tropical advance further and south is inundated. There is much detail to work both on the impacts of climate change and how policies will influence them. The has promised to withdraw the US from the climate to scrap the Clean Power slash funding for renewable energy and somehow attempt to reboot the ailing coal industry. How far he will go with this and indeed how invested he personally is in it beyond outlandish tweeted is still unclear. Exiting the accord will require a notice period but as the agreement is beyond its goal of avoiding dangerous global Trump could simply drop any attempt to cut emissions and sit it out as other countries try to suppress their panic as to what to do now that the US a climate leader anymore. Trump wants to accelerate domestic coal and gas production to achieve energy but this goal is contradictory and barely feasible given the unfavorable economics facing coal and oil in particular. The new president also wants to roll back the Environmental Protection Agency while having water and clean air. He has spoken admiringly of natural beauty but has surrounded himself with fossil fuel billionaires and lobbyists who want to split open public lands for their enrichment. Republicans largely support this stance but at the same time they want a public enraged by degraded national parks or another Flint water for example. Untangling these contradictions and what they mean for the and the will arguably form the most important legacy left by a Trump presidency. up to the media to start helping do on on via on on on on on this content

Message of the week United launch a drive to young women in and extend the core and message to fans. Ed Glazer named as a Trump campaign with a ask for Trump University trial to be delayed until next year Read High on agenda this delaying the fraud lawsuit against his defunct Trump University scheme. Claimants say promises Trump made in a 2005 infomercial filmed in his Trump Tower Chuck flat were Trump who gave the disgraced executive a rent rebate for the shoot denies reactions to last Jack still fighting extradition to the US on racketeering reminiscing in the on the morning he won I sent him a congratulatory email on his stunning victory From 1990 to 2010 my apartment was on the 52nd floor of Trump opposite and we were accustomed to greeting each other. I would also often go to his casino in so all for and I wish him all the owner out on parole from his corruption sentence calling Trump and describing their similarities. years ago he wanted to build offices on some of my land The deal was good and profitable for both but I wanted to call it the and he the reverse. We could not conclusion from last politics for women could a woman be the most powerful man in the but a glass ceiling has been in a few see Trump. Maybe see the Trump. Just maybe Trump is the model that proves you need to be educated to be a great Midas lays the first brick at his new see a very happy president standing before you today. This is a great for me and for Museum officials project a Also last week from Former FA head pleading guilty to seven fraud counts and forfeiting of his Former head facing a life ban for 17 months after he took over from disgraced racketeer with a will deliver on our commitments to our Former FA head winning the endorsement to run for Council next despite being investigated over an alleged bribe. He denies sharpest Secretary General asked in a press conference about waste my time answering everywhere you there are human rights issues. and are no making great 2.0 head upset by coverage of his private jet habit. have also flown I will fly whatever is more His wider need to show a which is more more humble. We are normal people. We are football of Trophy games fail to attract crowds above 1,000 Read best Football League chief executive plays down criticism of the new Trophy format. next stage is getting the group stage under way and the draw has thrown up some exciting prospects. looking forward to seeing how the competition develops and the reaction it gets from the after game against attracts a crowd of 308. see how things progress. All cup football takes on a different guise when it becomes a moving 1 owner Tony posts a with Jimmy not be happier for this man. A decent man who works his socks off for Loyalty is a strange word in football but we are family and we are and we stand by our 5 Sacks 28 board confirm backing for Frank chief sports officer tells the lot of people are offering themselves for his but not happening. The bench belongs to 1 wish Frank the best for the 31 president Peter holds talks with coach objective was to to hear passion and belief and I liked what I heard. soon the errors will the wins will and we will turn the 7 Sacks guy of the Guarani defender upset by coverage of him flooring a referee after being sent off. read stuff that says I freaked out. That a freak out. I was sent off wrongly so I just did what I did. a good a happy guy. I always do my Former coach Ion given a ban in May along with assistant Romeo and 14 players on their new a a so now into farming. I work the drives the the players assist. We embrace hard West and a tree born crooked Read owner handling fans on Twitter asking your nine who do you think you In 2014 he told another persistent critic to to the aged hit not my you set my setback of the FA calling off a plan to use reggae star Wale to boost dwindling crowds after he quoted per show. FA head previous best effort to deploy in do and men will jump to the purposely to see the Official agree. For wherever you see there are on on via on on on on on this content

In when the Gender Identity Development Service at Clinic it received two referrals in its first year of operation. As current director of the it was considered a option for a clinical psychologist to in the field of gender identity in young people there enough patients. That is not how it has turned out. Last 1,400 children under 18 were referred to double the number the year before. Of these nearly 300 were under the age of with some as young as three years reasons for this exponential increase are obviously complex. One factor seems to be a huge shift in awareness of individuals in wider culture. The attention paid to in and a Carter playing a role in the historic tragedy of the story told in and the many public controversies about respect for trans rights have all informed this awareness. It is never just a phase. if these kids do go through self has helped to open up a space for greater acceptance and particularly in but also for highly emotive and debate about how best to help young people who believe they need to transition. At the sharpest end of this debate are the parents whose children are identifying themselves as well before and sometimes living outwardly as the other sex. These children and their parents are more aware than ever that there are choices available to them to correct what they believe to be the error in their bodies. It can seem these choices are the ultimate but the decisions parents have to make about intervening in their biology are anything but couple of weeks ago I sat in on a conference by a charitable support group for parents of children who identify as trans. The charity has been much in the news in recent in part because it has featured in the widely reported custody battle heard at the High Court that involved a boy of seven allowed to live as a because his mother had become convinced those were his wishes. The judge in the Justice ruled that the boy should live with his and that the mother caused significant emotional harm to her son in her active determination that he should be a Mermaids had supported the mother in her belief that her son identified as for two years and described the ruling as a injustice and which had been for the another case it was reported that a family was taking legal action against a local authority for backing their adoption of a name as a step towards changing her gender. The mother of the girl said she believed her daughter was too young to make her own decision. rights of parents in the are being she those who have traditional values. It is leaving parents to feel vulnerable and Twitter aged started asking his mum questions about gender at the age of six. at S Management. Digital Art Bell S went along to the Mermaids conference in part to try to make sense of some of these issues for myself. It seems to me unquestionably a wonderful thing that young people faced with some of the trauma of these feelings about who they are can find tolerant space in which to experiment with different expressions of their gender and be protected in law from discrimination. But as a I find it hard to get rid of the feeling that the more choices you give to younger the more they are likely to adopt them for a variety of psychological reasons. Is a or an or a or a really able to make informed enough decisions about the consequences of a complete shift in their gender involving deed poll name change and living Are we formed in our gender identities before puberty or by And can the psychological consequences of these decisions possibly be Mermaids conference was addressed by a endocrinologist at the Hospital in and the guiding light of the charity. is an evangelist for what some parents of children see as a revolution in the medical treatment of their kids. He sees gender through the lens of his own specialism hormones and has devoted his working life to having other people view this question in the same way. He dislikes the term reassign a he just acknowledge what it really is and fix At one point in his led his audience in an impromptu rendition of Times They are in of Bob Prize but also to highlight the generational shift in attitudes toward gender identity that we are congressmen please heed the a battle outside These kids are desperate. they have a bath or shower and that of most of his the times are not changing nearly fast enough for some children. is a advocate for early medical intervention in gender identity cases. He proposes following the model inspired by clinics in the in which children identifying as are routinely given drugs after the onset of and then move on to high doses of hormones to change their and then later perhaps consider surgery. The most controversial part of this protocol is the age at which children are given the the effects of which can be irreversible and may lead to a loss of fertility. The guidelines currently state that no children be given this hormone treatment until they are around 16. sees the age as and often cruel. he an arena of enormous this kind of certainty is seductive. Looking around the room at the attended by many parents faced with these you can sense heartfelt relief among some that there is an to their anxieties. As someone not faced with these that relief seems open to the supplementary question of how a parent or child can honestly be certain this is what they want before the child has reached has no doubts. Genuine gender is easily he believes. It is never just a or a box. kids miss an opportunity to is who I he argues. have a fantasy that they are going to get the puberty they not the one they are programmed for. Tomboys have boys who seem a bit feminine have that. If these kids do go through self he up to die prematurely of including addiction and suicide. he put 200 on to hormone blockers at the onset of puberty. Of have gone on to take hormones because one changes their At which I no Twitter reassign a we just acknowledge what it is and fix patients is a young whose is the of Mermaids. had a desperate time in her teens attempting to kill herself seven times as her male hormones threatened to give her an identity she and her parents looked anywhere for help. Frustrated by what they saw as the slow process of the which has a perceived on referrals in England and Green contacted and took her daughter to his clinic in So outwardly successful was his treatment that was subsequently a finalist in the Miss England beauty Mermaids parents addressed the room with unhappier stories. Several particularly for its rigid rule against giving children the hormone before and for the waiting times for a consultation at the Some parents had gone down the route of for their buying blockers and hormones from or over the for fear they would miss the when transition was possible. Some turned to a in who has a controversial private practice to address this sudden need. Once you then you only look for medical made headlines in the summer for sex hormones to a She came to the stage at the Mermaids conference tearful along with most of the room about some of the stories she had just heard particular that of a trans girl who had been through only to be made the when she I spoke to after her which had ended with her embracing Her clinic has been running for nearly two years. It started with a just to see what the response would be. She was immediately overwhelmed with emails and letters. people are so she they spend a lot of time on the I think that is how it snowballed. At long last there was a doctor willing to has had 500 young 50 of whom have on to She has 3,500 adult patients. Most of her consultation is through and though she has a meeting with children and their parents before prescribing drugs. She shares sense of urgent is but that mean it is is dismayed by the fact that her work has been subject of criticism from senior psychiatrists at the flagship hospital for provision at Charing Cross. She is due to meet though the service she offers is not through the who go on to treatment pay a flat fee and then per month for her consultative want to try to stop me from what I am doing because it is embarrassing for she says. do put my career on the line to do this. But these kids are desperate. They have a bath or a shower naked. They will change their pants in the dark. They want a puberty blocker so they grow or so their voices break. And then you have to wait your 18 weeks to get to the or Twitter and know the outcomes of these I am talking to it is hard not to get caught up in her passion for her her conviction that she is doing her best by the families who come to her. When I come doubts resurface. Can these kinds of psychological diagnoses really be so clear that you can base them on I subsequently speak to and members of her multidisciplinary team at the it is clear they do not share the conviction that diagnosis for children can be so straightforward. says that because the treatment pathway identified by is relatively honestly know in you know the outcomes of these The only proper longitudinal study has been from the Dutch clinics which pioneered this but even that is based on a mixed cohort of children at different stages of puberty who were given the blocker. The is soon to begin publishing its own research into a more group of children who have been given hormone blockers starting in 2011. have to move forward on the evidence base while respecting that individuals will have very strong beliefs in what is right and approach itself is too radical for some. After a long period of assessment and it moves a proportion of its young patients on to blockers and some on to hormones at 16 to ever think of gender only as something to be by hormone treatment is really of the complexities of identity and once you have done you look only for medical The offers a team that includes endocrinologists as well as family psychiatrists and others. Twitter Onward Poppy went back to school this using her new name. S the spike in the clinic is finding different patterns in the young people they see. While the younger children often presenting in a binary thinking that their only solution is a change of hormones and a change of sex very young come armed with ideas not only about what surgery they need but which surgeons they would like to perform older teenagers are often thinking a more diverse about their identity and the fluidity of their and can be supported to explore expressions of who they are that for some may not involve medical are trying to treat whole young she says. example we have had a couple of young people who after a lot of decided to reject a binary approach because they want to preserve their fertility. This is not to say that their identification has just that they have chosen to retaining fertility over achieving a more consistently male or female physical is caught between entrenched voices on the one believe hormone treatment of children misguided in any case on the see it as the only way forward. She courageously it seems to to defend the complexities of the middle ground. start to think if you have these feelings at a certain age then this is the only path to she say. that the case. Every young person who comes to us has different fact is reinforced by the two mothers through the Mermaids have spoken to this feature and whose stories appear on these pages. Some readers will find the acceptance of their determination to choose their gender identity as a cause for others will retain doubts that these questions can be resolved with the kind of clarity that and express in relation to their Such complexities will be further no in the reaction to a Channel 4 documentary that will air later this the first time a broadcaster has been allowed access to the work of The one of three on the examines the lives of two children attending the clinic for assessment. it is impossible not to with the unbelievably hard choices faced on all sides. But to believe that with the right there are now ways forward for these children that even a generation ago would have been hard to transitioned from female to male in is mum to 9 Twitter I that Josh might not just be a tomboy when he was six and his teacher said he quite know his place in the world. I believe in being honest with my children so when Josh started asking me last year if there were operations where women could cut off their boobs I said but told him it was very painful and difficult. I was hoping to put him off the but he carried on asking the referred us to the clinic. glad in the system now as when Josh starts puberty hopefully there will be hormone blockers available if he wants to use them. You discipline this out of a child. not them being was at the end of last during the that Josh asked me if he could start using another name instead of his the first few months after his transition I told Josh repeatedly he could go back to being any time he but never shown the desire to change his first his became quite challenging. He could be awkward and but I think he was just testing the boundaries of his new identity. When he all the normal rules still he settled down. I think now that more confident since his transition at first he was very worried he would never be a proper but I tried to keep reassuring him that much more about how you present yourself than in your has been very supportive the other children simply accept that a boy. The practicalities have been harder. I still and then have to correct myself to and getting used to male pronouns has been too. I do worry about the future and that the road going down is only going to get but wanting to change gender something you can discipline out of a child not them being naughty or something deep inside. transitioned from male to female in 2015 is mum to 9 Twitter When Poppy was five she saved up her pocket money to buy a which she loved. We enrolled her into a drama club as it was a safe place for her to be able to dress up how she wanted and express but as she grew older it became increasingly difficult to treat her as a when she was clearly a grew her hair longer and adopted a feminine voice. I know whether I should be correcting the checkout assistant who told daughter is so my older came out as gay when she was and I the same signs in the stress of not being able to live as who you really are. She would drop coins into the well at the bottom of our garden and wish to become a and by the time she was seven she started telling me she was in the wrong body. She would drop coins into the well in the garden and wish to be a was no question of me not letting her do this it was simply what had to happen. As a parent I can put my foot down and you wear your sandals in the but I put my foot down and not allow my child to be herself. I did lots of research and the and suicide rates for young people who are trans and unsupported at home are frighteningly so all we could do was be led by her and support her in becoming a happy and confident went back to school this year as a using her new name. The change was remarkable her confidence blossomed and her school work has improved. The school asked speakers from supporting young trans people to come in and talk to staff and pupils about what was happening. It has taken her dad time to get his head around it. He was brought up as a in But he gave me a daughter and I love My main fear now is that if we get medical support start puberty as a boy. I think that would be intolerable for wrote a story recently where she compared her transition to a trapped bird being set free and finally learning to sing. Kids on the on on via on on on on on this content

has reportedly blamed two letters to Congress by director for her defeat by Trump in the US presidential leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read was first to report that made the comments on in a call with donors who gave more than to her campaign. presidential run ended with a narrow victory in the popular vote but defeat by 290 votes to with and New yet to declare in the electoral college that decides the presidency. An individual who was on the Politico claimed said the first letter prompted a fall in polling but there was a rebound before the second letter New Times quoted a donor as saying are lots of reasons why an election like this is not successful our analysis is that letter raising doubts that were proven to stopped our which were similar to reported remarks by other campaign contrasted with anger from president and chief executive of the US Chamber of Commerce He told the Guardian on it was neglect of voters that handed the presidency to made headlines on 28 with his first 11 days before the vote. In the he told members of Congress that new emails had been discovered that could be relevant to a completed investigation into use of a private email server while secretary of original investigation had ended in with no charge against who said had been in her but not to the extent of criminal or intentional new emails were it was on a device belonging to the estranged husband of aide during an investigation into for for allegedly exchanging lewd messages with a responded with bafflement at break with policy and decades of and furious senior Democrats suggested the director may have violated the Hatch a federal statute that bars political activity by senior second letter was sent last two days before the election. In he said a review of the newly discovered emails had been and that it found no evidence to merit reopening the investigation of including responded alleging that the review could not have been completed correctly in so short a time. Reports said 650,000 emails were in although that number was not officially confirmed. Twitter Why elected reported remarks mirrored previously reported by in an email from head of opinion believe that we lost this election in the last the magazine reported as writing on letter in the last 11 days of the election both helped depress our turnout and also drove away some of our critical support among white voters particularly in the suburbs. also think which was intended to absolve actually helped to bolster and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read did not speak on election instead delivering a concession speech at a hotel in New on In excerpts from an interview to be broadcast by on Trump discussed the call he took from his Democratic opponent in the small hours of that called and it was a lovely he have been nicer. She just well And I want to thank you very you were a great source said seemed but on the donors as she discussed the importance to Democrats of political engagement in the future. In a speech to the on the senator Warren attributed defeat to a failed economic final results may have divided us but the entire electorate embraced fundamental reform of our economic system and our political head of an which represents blamed failure on a lack of engagement with voters. He told the thought this election cycle would be different. was advised once again by Beltway advisers who knew it had the models and the but who called it Twitter concession know elections on on via on on on on on this content

All the egregious victory in his and it is far more significantly ominous for the rest of the world than what triumph also does is to strengthen the case for the decision. is now faced with huge geopolitical concerns. It should be pulling and resisting the centrifugal forces which the result of the referendum can only the rest of the Union needs as it faces up to the implications of love affair with and manifest isolationist the last thing either we or the other 27 need is for to dominate the next few still meet people who are surprised to learn on referendum stated if the result were to be in of then it should be followed by another very idea that people have and that therefore the vote is does not quite stand the test of history. The people spoke in but the likes of did not like what they so in due course we saw the rise of and the emergence of conveniently financed personally by a salary from the parliament a salary I he continues to draw. Talk about having it both after people change their minds in a parliamentary democracy there was a time in in the and when they seemed to have elections every year. The hysteria fomented by the with attacks on the legitimacy of is reminiscent of in the and the rise of We have a prime minister who seems to be obsessed by what the younger readers may care to study the record of that newspaper with regard to fascism in the is worth repeating that only of the adult population voted for and many of them were misled by a nasty propaganda campaign from the which crossed the boundary from selective use of the facts to outright lies. It is therefore good to see that Professor Bob an expert in electoral law at the University of has complained to the director of public prosecutions that the lies propagated by the Vote Leave and campaigns the costing a week which could go to the joining the etc contravened electoral is already a bottomless pit of articles and emails on the question of the timing of invoking article 50 of the treaty to begin the not of but of withdrawal from the We now await the judgment of the supreme court early next year on the high ruling that parliament should be thought it was pretty shocking in the first place that our prime minister should have tried to bypass the sovereignty of and she continued to shock when refusing to the attacks on the judges merely saying that she believed in a free press. we all a free and responsible reminds the picture of the three high court judges used a headline of the that echoed the vile slogans of Chairman and the propagandist is not as according to recent she needs to worry. We are told although the vast majority of are against most of them are intending to the result of the country is heading for a train crash. As one political historian said last think there is any previous example in history where policymakers were so determined to vote against their true problem for those of us who remain unrepentant is that the economic consequences of 23 constitute a This is the biggest economic crisis of my long and I have little doubt that when the full extent of the damage to investment becomes it will become increasingly obvious that the vast majority of the people will regret their to the crucial point of whether the referendum result can legally be in a paper presented last week to the Duff a great expert on all matters to the claims made in the high article 50 is indeed revocable. Article involves a notification of an intention to withdraw from the union. Intentions can especially after a general election and the installation of a new our new chancellor faces the daunting prospect when preparing his autumn statement 23 of dire economic forecasts from the Institute of Fiscal Studies and in due from the Office for Budget will reflect the expected impact on the finances of the exodus of financial and other institutions that want to ensure their place in the single market. They have to take serious and are not impressed by the chaotic of the In My on on via on on on on on this content

That leave us with a whole lot to except that will resume bowling tomorrow in the same difficult position that they would have started in today. That 86 runs needing another five South wickets before knowing the scope of the task they can run through South and face a recoverable deficit of around then bat well enough to set a decent target. Worst and will push the lead out to 200 or and will be knocked over once again for an innings defeat. These are very difficult times for a team that seems to be unprepared to play Test cricket in any kind of difficult batting conditions. leave you with piece from after play finished which may be the only Guardian article to lead off with referencing the early sketch Full see you tomorrow on the In the an excuse for a report of the washes out day two of second Test between and South Read more The umpires have made the with the field sodden and the forecast grim. Play is abandoned for the and will start half an hour earlier for each of the next three that means a start local eastern daylight savings on and I also have to credit with actually making a decent joke in another radio interview conducted in the a lovely if a I Some interesting points in that chat a pretty straight shooter compared to many administrators. wants to know if the scheduling and preparation was with very little cricket before the Tests. South have had the same preparation that counters you draw that the team that playing against had any different So the difference is in the fundamental quality of the teams on the asked if they had considered replacing Rod Marsh as chairman of selectors immediately after he announced he would retire next says but is measured in his language to avoid hollowly saying that the selectors have been doing a great job. The pair also discuss whether Smith needs more support as a young whether Test cricket has enough support itself in balance with whether this is a crisis point that will bring drastic change or whether CA will try to hold things whether will keep getting Test cricket. The television is now screening 1999 World Cup win over South Brings to mind the comment yesterday from most comprehensive video Moody channel is turning out to be quite the archive of a golden era of cricket before it turned to complete and utter 2016 Plenty of questions on exactly that subject of disarray today. had Cricket boss answering some tricky ones on radio earlier is a funny game not funny ha certainly not over the last week is can hear the full audio here. Still raining at obviously usual description of bowlers coming from the Antarctic end is especially apposite in meteorological circumstances for those of us shivering in may well be enjoying a break from being humiliated on the field. a great little note from reader Forth on the current sure if this helps but the were in a similar situation to cricket in 2001. Their solutions were wide ranging. central community engagement being the headlines did the qualitative research on their a fusty crew the First Class Forum did for What they fix was a lack of national success and hero personalities. Coincidentally or the team improved and the likes of and provided fun role models for the kids. Five years later everything looked That ties together all of the South in the current given that with the latter spelling is commentating this series on and with the middle spelling has just been charged with by the South cricket South batsman charged over Read more Seeing some highlights from the Ashes Test back in late and one of the great cricket who played five Test matches in his but shares the record for the most runs in a single over. Shares it with... Not like 28 more than because took them off the pace of where was facing the less accomplished spin of Robin you tell me. Back to the present a guy who was run out for 1 in that botched run chase is banging a drum on all sport there are too many is the sage position of too much information from too many people. It gets He must have loved high beloved Good Boy is more conciliatory toward the mentor class. you get different information about how to do things. A good coach is a good if got lots of them around you great. but a good player should be able to coach c b all out for The young rangy gets off the mark with a glided but once back on strike he chips a defensive shot back to the bowler. Utterly never make a Test falls six runs short of what should have been a routine in a game that will surely be replayed for years to for who took seen the best player named who will ever turn out for South c b may have undone his team here. He sees the wide plays a big cover drive but he keep it down. reels it in at set well back catches it on his chest. walks out at in his third selectors blame this disarray on though. Seven runs to two wickets in hand. Nearly just clears cover for a two runs. is then dropped at Unknown 105-8 stuff from bashing several boundaries in the last few minutes as narrows the gap to 12 runs required. Should be fine now with young gun still at the crease. Hello champs and Lemon back with you after what feels like a long time off the Lovely to be I bear bad news for is running through at the Cricket Ground in 8 for 75 chasing 117. Tension is high. In case not stumbled across it the champs who combine to inhabit The Grade Cricketer have started a If this rain keeps up it might be worth a listen. The good news is have the erudite Lemon to guide you through the afternoon session. The bad news is be narrating the same scene I have been. Although with more wit. Here he is playing cricket somewhere even colder than Lemon in the 12.10 raining ... Speaking of go to sleep. Close your eyes and dream of yesterday. We'll start again on chance we might play last hour... 2016 Tom great to have your correspondence. lovely to hear that Maxwell is on the mend. I think one of the things that does really well over here is getting interesting voices from the touring side gives a whole different perspective and always a highlight of an Ashes agree wholeheartedly Tom. The different accents and accompanying stories and specialisms are what makes each commentary series interesting. is doing a sterling job on the at the moment filling that niche. Channel 9 have woefully ignored this aspect for failing to provide any counterbalance to the it employs. At least this year we have a South even if it belongs to an international with an coat of arms tattoo. Things to do while raining enjoy cricket played somewhere drier. If not familiar with the name get used to because one be hearing for the next decade or comes of age to warm Cook and cockles Martin Read more For anyone not watching Channel sights of tan leather keeping gloves. 2016 Things to do while raining visit Museum of Old and New Art in is so on its own it can justify a trip to the Apple Isle. Even if you appreciate traditional an excellent craft brewery on site and the easiest way to get there is by a splendid river cruise. This image was provided as part of Dark 2016 in City of Dark Winter Feast entrance. 11.35 am rain is not relenting and puddles are now starting to form on the outfield. The covers are seen over the pitch as rain falls on day two of the 2nd Test match between and South at Oval in Morris the or the South is the latest to distract me from contemplating the resemblance between Pat and Ray of a day to be doing the correctly begins. enjoyed had something for pace and a rarity in test cricket. Made every over interesting to watch. The question I have is their any light at the end of the tunnel for There appears to be no obvious replacements in either bat or Does go for youth an team or can that ruin a promising career by bringing talented but unproven players into the game too might take a per question I think context is everything. What are trying to Presumably a glib one ranking in all can be trotted but is that alone I would be setting targets around winning in and and my team building approach would be with those goals in be concerned less with raw numbers and more interested in technique and character. We know that batsman can plunder runs in home but who are the ones that can do it when the situation is at its most Whether this is shuffling the pack a or wholesale depends on available. I be afraid of making a raft of changes if the talent is available. Names that spring immediately to mind include and but there will be more. The challenge then is to communicate to the public that this is a and one that needs time. This will be a hard sell for a cricket community that knows only winning and now seems disengaged beyond the brief summer months. this is an opportunity to resolve another of the issues in the the lack of characters. If these young colts are sold to us want to back them in and give them the benefit of the especially if they reveal the type of characteristics looking for. Using the look at how much goodwill the Western Bulldogs carried into this premiership. It might but this state of transition the been in since about 2005 seem to be and keep the bowlers fit. An attack of and has the potential to be a attack of fearsome quality whatever the conditions. this safety net with the ball should paper over some of the batting cracks. Cricket South still falling but not hard. We'll have another update soon. 2016 Things to do while raining listen to rainy songs. Can anyone improve on The Beta Give in to your inner hipster. Burns has tuned and he wants to throw some pebbles into the just like to stir the pot out there and see what if any rule or format changes you would bring in to keep Test cricket bugbear is The has to do more to make a play more continuous and 90 overs is the minimum number of required overs to be not a mythical target to be staggering towards in twilight. Once that nettle has been more radical ideas like Tests can be think Tests are a It means the game will be accessible to spectators at venues and on at times when best able to turn up and tune in. I with players in the transitional period while effectively guinea pigs for ball floodlights and so but not enough to delay the widespread introduction where for clearly there needs to be a periodic finish line somewhere along the way to give context and rivalry beyond the historic. The mace really seem to hit the but yet to be convinced of any alternative suggestions. open minded about trialling that is a largely moot debate anyway until the gets to grips with the international basic and the reliance on as a source of revenue. As so elegantly put it in Death of a cricket make money to or does cricket exist to make Cricket it's raining in to popular belief it doesn't rain here. are the 2nd driest nicely 2016 Channel 9 showing highlights of the second Test between and South from 1994 in Spoiler alert the win. It made me is this the first time have ever shown a package where Things to do while raining enjoy capacity to bring communities together. always believe there's a the journey that inspires Cricket Read more 10.35 am bucketing down at Arena. this is not very promising 2016 Things to do while raining marvel at Maxwell. The commentary chat is a nice segue into predictably excellent interview with the avuncular voice of feels very cricket doyen Maxwell on his summer absence Read more Which raises a worthy topic for debate the Channel 9 commentary team after its this winter. The departure of Brad means the broadcast has a new and there are a couple of new voices with the inclusion of and My own observations are that a much greater focus on cricket than previously I know. The tedious asides into pizza toppings and seem to have been jettisoned in of talking about happening. Who knows if it will but an improvement. is one of the hardy souls braving the wet and wintry conditions on the he writes. if there is play today I feel we may well have had the high point of the day. The sight of looking at Mark as if he was a demented simpleton as they discussed the reason for poor batting choices. May well be a highlight of illustrious Things to do while raining riff on pain. laying the misery bare after debacle. Notable for coach failing to offer anything in the way of a Much like his top order. coach refuses to rebut crisis talk with good reason Read more 10.10 am umpires have just fronted the cameras and not optimistic. not looking said from beneath an umbrella. expect the rain to get heavier during the then joked about sitting alongside and as the coldest places to officiate in international Clinch pretty unlikely for much play this 2016 Good morning and welcome to the second day of the second Test in After thrill a minute expectations are great for another day of high intensity Test maybe not. raining in really raining. Play will not start on time and unlikely be any play this morning. The forecast is bleak for this afternoon and evening not going anywhere so if there is any you dear will be the first to know about play begins up to us to make our own fun. If on your mind please share it via Twitter or email plenty to sink our teeth be it South or even England unearthing old be got nothing better to do. A picture is worth a thousand words. will be here shortly so in the catch up on an eventful first day of play in that saw 15 wickets build lead after first innings capitulation in Read more

How Soon Is the old Smiths could work now as an anthem for which in increasingly raising questions about the same week that the Department for Transport reported a crisis in road owing primarily to deliveries in some parts of a horse and cart would be faster an undercover report revealed that Amazon delivery drivers are forced to deliver up to 200 parcels a working illegal hours and breaking speed supervisor told the undercover reporter that he need to wear a seatbelt as the police stop delivery while fellow drivers advised him to urinate into bottles and defecate into bags to save no surprise that Amazon drivers are classified as and thus not entitled to minimum sickness benefit and other rights and is also one of the companies implicated in the highlighted by the recent where drivers won basic employment of which may feel a bit too much to take in when just returning home to find that your driver has flung your parcel into your front like a paperboy in an while responsibility to sort out how it is conducting its taxes and treatment of staff just perhaps it is also time to acknowledge that our growing culture of unreasonable customer demand is part of the is a fundamental disconnect in the psyche that means that people get rightly exercised about kids slogging in sweatshops in but remain about the disgusting way that workers in are treated and disgusting is the operative that stuff about defecating in bags and urinating in bottles made me feel sick and not just for the obvious reasons. It renders these drivers almost like a form of where the only goal is to keep driving and the other side of the there are consumers demanding service and no exception. Bone idle in the I adore the ease of next and not just with Amazon. Now you can even get things delivered on the same while much to be said for surely it be at the expense of dignity their safety or the safety of others they might encounter on roads while speeding or pissing in bottles to save up to Amazon to sort this consumers could do worse than addressing our own bratty demanding culture of want it face while some deliveries are usually just a bonus. Most of us rarely need to have box or slammed into our hands within hours or even the next that were the we could undertake the retro ritual of going to the which in turn might stop town evolving into almost empty is not letting the likes of Amazon off the hook up to them and companies like them to address the issues raised by the once seems to require hiring more respecting their and paying them the just as people should be concerned about outrages let us also spare a thought for our own almost invisible customer expectation and demand is nothing but when it is automatic and unthinking it plays a part in worker final gesture typified a truly great life Twitter last album could be read as an artistic statement of intent. damned year of 2016 has claimed another significant creative this musician and poet Judging by the heartfelt wails of many consider even at 82 years to have been taken too recently said that he felt that his own death was writing a letter to his dying whom he wrote Bird on a Wire and So that I am so close behind that if you stretch out your I think you can reach also released an so close to his death that it could almost qualify as posthumous. like it could be read as an artistic statement of a final defiant cry that is the last of the real not the slew of greatest hits packages that are bound to it takes musicians of this to refashion the but thriving death a mischievous yet determined refusal by and Bowie to let third parties entirely own the posthumous last my pains are at an end Twitter but finally managed to get my way out. those who are finally managed to escape from the party. I use lightly. At it felt akin to a personal remake of not quite carrying soil out in my scurrying under searchlights or jumping over barbed wire fences on my but it was still bad now know what it feels like to be stalked by a political party. It took me about five minutes to join the party and several months to leave I mean to be allowed to leave to free myself from what appeared to be their desperate frenzied leave us here alone with grasp. As stated stopping the money got to write to the party to but it end end up fielding emails asking you to reconsider and others saying be given time to reconsider whether you like it or Even the termination letter it was still wondering whether like to maybe even if grammatically but still most probably to join the Liberal if they keep making and I can source unfashionable enough the party miss me and my inconsiderate unlikely. let my experience serve as a warning to anyone else thinking of leaving Make sure you take extra vitamins and get proper while parting is such sweet also exhausting. If you have any holiday you may need to use and on on via on on on on on this content

In the postscript to the 2016 US the inability of pollsters to support in key swing from through the rust belt to and is being widely were these Trump Were they Did they hide themselves in plain The same discredited pollsters now say white women carried Trump to victory. But it was more than that. In North with its rapidly changing the polls predicted a tight race. The candidates visited the state almost 30 each fishing for the 15 electoral college votes. In her final campaign rally on the eve of was on stage there with Lady Gaga. hours she learned she had lost the state to Trump by four a loss that did not guarantee his victory but strongly suggested the result last many who kept their Trump support private have began to reveal themselves. As with the referendum the decision has caused familial rifts. North voters explain their was freaked out about because there were 33,000 emails that never know what was in there. To not let the review them after been a huge concern for me. I voted for because he wanted to bring change and unity. was more talk than walk and more transparency would have been good. I have a lot of friends who voted for If kept Sanders have been more inclined to go toward but I liked Trump on trade because true losing a lot of jobs to China. was not my first pick but from a military family and I believe had any respect for the military. Any military person who destroys emails and lies about it would be buried underneath the jail. Trump was disgusting because of what he said about but he was the lesser of two evils. I think everybody should be deported. not not racist. and I believe she is. We need a strong military because we live in crazy world. Twitter for the was in the chair too long. She knows her way around truth. But Trump is a man. You have to be a politician to be a you just have to know how to better yourself. seen those shows and he was good with and we need a very strong man. I like to see who someone is. You are who you are. At least not the kind of person to get in the White House as one thing and then boom who I really am. I know who he is up front. Plus they were not going to treat her right as a they going to treat her fairly. a small businessman and never did anything for small business except tie us up in red tape. He offered hope and but it change for the at least not for business people. The south has traditionally been very poor. The Democrats offered something for free. But I want something for free. My granddad was an immigrant from His business is now third generation. I think a a fool if he has his own business and a Democrat. Trump appeals to me because I think going to shake things up. ready for change. worried about speaking his mind. Sure he a but he was talking about the working man and bringing back jobs. not a got his own money so he really be bought. seen enough dirt on Bill and It seemed like an old story and we needed a change. I think going to shake it up. I like it when he said it was time for Republicans and Democrats to work to bring back to where it was before great. I make enough from a job to pay for health insurance. But I have to admit to you what my grandmother the were in times were But times they are the old Bob thing. usually vote independent. But this time I voted Trump because things working. The economy bounced back like they wanted it to. My wife and we struggle. I like business sense. He could get rid of the fraud and unnecessary expense. had a lot of experience but it all good experience. Her trustworthy stuff was big for me. The investigations and stuff might be normal for a lot of but it normal or appropriate for me. a businessman. It bother me he went into bankruptcy. Not every idea can be a great idea and he climbed out of that elections on on via on on on on on this content

Protests against the election of Trump continued across the US on and progressives urge Democratic party to stand up and fight Read New where peaceful marches along downtown streets have taken place since the day after shock presidential election victory over more than 10,000 people indicated on that they would attend a noon march from Union Square to Trump the future home and corporate marchers mustered at East 17th Street and estimated the turnout at 2,000. As the march began to the true figure seemed closer to the promised my the crowd set off up Fifth Avenue under heavy police escort. A protesters 41 and may have won the election but I will never accept what he stands for or his not for myself or my a video editor holding a sign that read want Trump to know democracy is not going to be pushed aside. I want him to know educated about going on. This is a way to vent our anger in a healthy way and to let people know not an focused on the quirk of the US electoral system which saw win the popular vote but lose in the electoral college. march will bring into focus that we said. one person. At the vote in is worth four times what mine is. This is the second time in 16 years Gore in against W a Democrat has won the popular vote but lost the electoral college. There were so many irregularities in this election that have to be looked remarks reported by and her head of opinion research were reported to have blamed her defeat on two letters to Congress from director concerning the use of a private email server while secretary of march was later stopped a block away from gaudy Fifth Avenue skyscraper where earlier in the day protester a nurse told the can continue to make our protest heard for every piece of every cabinet every amendment he tries to overturn set this country back 50 years. will protect civil gay the environment and world peace. And we protect the stabilization of our economy as diverse and restaurant staff said business had picked up according to one since election night. Although heavy security ringed Trump the which has become a temporary home for journalists awaiting information from and sightings of members of transition was open to the public. At excitement briefly flared as Republican National Committee chair picked by some pundits as a future White House chief of was seen in an elevator. Independence party leader was seen to enter the blames letters for election reports say Read visitors said the election result had prompted their interest. we thought we must go see Trump said from in the city to catch a show. A Trump said she found protests against the protesters should just accept the result and get on with she before a dozen crowd control officers bearing bundles of wrist restraints arrived at Trump Tower. Police at the scene said their arrival was not necessarily unusual and did not signal that law enforcement was anticipating took place in other including and with 6,000 protesters reported to be present in In marchers congregated beneath the palm trees of Park before marching towards stressed that the protests should remain peaceful. In on a protester was shot and not On police said they had detained four believed to be gang nationwide expressed determination to build momentum ahead of in on 20 march on the capital was planned for inauguration focused on alleged mistreatment of women. groups were also making plans for according to circulating a founder of Black Lives said the movement was and and vowed to build bigger and stronger than the hate Trump and his team have exhibited towards marginalized efforts to lessen anger have increased. In interview excerpts released on Trump called and said the call he received from her on election night not have been Twitter Why elected Trump Tower on a Trump voter from New said that though was very much a surprise he he thought should reform the electoral Lee just people trying to cause a not going to change he leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read a tweet late on Trump blamed protests against his victory on incited by the and said such marches were tarnishing his electoral which he said was After intense he said in a second post that he appreciated the for our great shown by leaders sought to direct anger to positive ends. senator Warren urged disappointed supporters to focus their anger on volunteer work and outreach arguing that loss could be attributed to her reluctance to fully focus on economic head of the US Chamber of told the Guardian lost because her campaign neglected on on via on on on on on this content

all from thanks for reading. Here is match report from strikes for Republic of for precious win in Read you can also head over to take in Wales v Wales v World Cup 2018 qualifier Read more Harry wanted competitive to come with a good so pleased. A few words from the manager changed things at the break. The pitch took a bit of time to get used but once we got our minds right then we knew we could get something. Second half we did all that and a good result. You come here and probably take a draw before the From our man Smith in Smith belting out here for the jubilant fans. A from the welcoming hosts. Goal aside it was but deserved 2016 have beaten to take a hold of group scores. Guardian That win sends top of group for now at with Wales v to come shortly. meanwhile have only four points from four games and are six points shy behind the In the other drew 1-1 with in a match that has little though does at least get off the mark. happen for emails a stunned not last away win against a direct rival I can remember was in 1987. Mark off a quick free kick since you celebrates after the game with Referee blows to bring up a brilliant away win for They defended well all match and clinical finish proved the difference. min powers towards the corner but dispossess him. brings it forward for one last time. He finds down the left who crosses deep for and his volley bounces kindly to six yards out but the big striker puts his header should score but heads wide in injury time. min have the ball in half to boos from the home fans as the green shirts knock it around. min Four minutes to be added. 90 min Balls are flooding into the box. One cross is cleared to on the edge who drills a low shot on but is down well to hold it. 88 min crosses low from the left and when the ball is cleared back out towards he fouls who is in no rush to get things going again. Republic of are closing in on a huge result in 86 min bends a cross for at the far post who finds himself unmarked for but a woeful effort that floats well wide. That was best chance of the half. 84 min goalscorer is down with a knock and goes off to get some treatment. his evening and he is replaced by 82 min Martin on for on the right is immediately involved flicking a shot on target with his back to but easy enough for to claim. 79 min drives 50 or 60 yards up the field and attacks the sub at who slips slightly. gets into the box but then loses his footing too just as he is about to cross towards and clear the danger. 77 min has played well and is replaced by takes the spot of for 76 min probe but break the down. A couple of changes on the way... 73 min cuts down and that could easily have been a second yellow card in the space of a couple of minutes. The players in green are letting the referee know just but gets away with it. is taken down by 71 min whips a deep towards who fouls the goalkeeper as he goes for the challenge. At the other fouls and lets the midfielder have some harsh words afterwards. The yellow card is and again a moment later for after he kicks the ball away. Both will miss their next match is against Wales. 68 min tries a little with on the edge of the box but the latter spoons the ball up in the air and the former concedes a trying to win it back. is quite encouraging to see continuing to push forward even though they are up emails the uninitiated the exact opposite of what they usually do after taking a 63 min After a period of pretty chaotic defending by over the past 20 minutes when they were put under an awful lot of might be relieved to be only one goal behind. His side are reasserting the control they showed in the first half and a long passing move ends with cracking a shot from which flutters the top of net. 61 min tries a knuckleball effort but sets it way wide from the and it never comes back. 60 min clatters 30 yards from the goal. That was fairly pointless from and he has handed a chance from a albeit quite a way out. 58 min makes his first mark on the getting a powerful shot away which is by 56 min makes his first replacing with 54 min receives some treatment after another tussle with 52 min are rocking here and need to take advantage. They have a corner but the referee gets his whistle out once this time to book for some pushing and pulling before can swing it in. Eventually the corner comes in and the ball breaks for who sets up on the but he is ushered wide and hit the target. 50 min A second for delivers a teasing from the right and touches it home with his but he had started his run a fraction early and is correctly ruled offside. pinched the ball from in and the wasted time appealing rather than chasing back. He was made to pay as sparked a counterattack and found who released on the left unmarked. The winger drove into the box before setting himself and crashing a low shot under A brilliant finish and that could be such an important goal in this group. powers in a shot to score the opening goal. A huge moment for the celebrates after breaking the deadlock in John 47 min pulls off a lovely in the box towards the sort of skill that seems well out of place in this game so far. manages to get a toe in and break up the move. And get the second half few of these in the second half would be lovely. The best goals of the and Read more A half came to life in the final few but neither side managed to break the deadlock. All square at the break. 45 min is finally the first yellow card of the and it is probably his most tame challenge of the piece. 43 min This one is at the other end and it is a glorious chance for the visitors. After some sustained whips one of his dangerous low balls from the left and gets in six yards to fire the chance grazing the woodwork on its way. He should have scored. should score but shoots over the ball. 41 min best moments have come through who has been the best player on the pitch by some margin in this first half. Martin will be quietly pleased if his side can get to the break at 0-0.

Trump appears to be backing away from several campaign raising hopes that he could be more pragmatic in the White House than but risking the wrath of his vociferous army of supporters as he has done for refusing to commit to any one leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read the days since his victory in the electoral the has suggested that he could retain some elements of and his advisers appeared to tone down a pledge to the nuclear deal. As for whom Trump had threatened to jail for unspecified crimes of he called her strong and very who pledged to the of appears to have started by diving straight into it. Before taking office in he has drawn up a transition team full of political old hands and led by the Mike the governor with worth of ties to Congress. warn of the dangers of seeking to whose rhetoric has sown division and fear and given to including the defeating in the most shocking US election result in sparking nationwide Trump visited the White House on and had a cordial meeting with a man whose birth certificate he questioned for five and who had declared him unfit for the subsequently in an interview with the Wall Street to consider retaining aspects of signature Affordable Care Act of to the outgoing president. During the Trump had promised to and the reforms but never explained a replacement in nor its funding. And in a second interview with the 60 Trump said he would ensure that that people with conditions and children living with their parents for an extended period were still be just fine. what I do. I do a good he said. I I know how to do this stuff. going to repeal it and replace it. And not going to a period and not going to have a period where nothing. It will be repealed and replaced. I know. And be great for much less fear Trump election changed my Read also struck a conciliatory note when discussing whom he had branded encouraging his supporters to chant her He told and it was a lovely and it was a tough call for I I can for her than it would have been for me. I for it would have been very difficult. She have been nicer. She just well And I want to thank you very you were a great She is very strong and very has ducked questions over his campaign pledge to appoint a special prosecutor to investigate use of a private email server while she was secretary of insisting that securing the reform and job creation should take said he would think calling former president Bill for as well as So far he has relied heavily on Republican donors and including veterans of both Bush despite his vows to take on special tear down the political establishment and start afresh. the bombast of we will probably soon look back and see it as a storm in a said a Republican strategist. transition team draws heavily on the beltway which should not surprise because even Trump needs people who know how to move papers from one desk to another if to Great have yet to see where he sets the ideological bar and on which issues he personally weighs in most but his approach to the presidency may be his distinguishing running the country like a and delegating more of the legislative interactions to Mike for biographer also said the businessman was to govern like a moderate Republican. pronouncements during the campaign were part of a strategy of always controlling the headlines by saying something and then topping that and topping she said. Inside the mind of Trump Read was gift to him in that he could keep leapfrogging ahead of any fact check. a who always wants to make it happen to his advantage. The gamble the nation has taken is that it will now work to the whipped up crowds at rallies more than his plan to build a wall on the southern border and somehow force to pay the cost. But even this might be in doubt. Former House speaker Newt a close adviser to told the spend a lot of time controlling the border. He may not spend very much time trying to get to pay for but it was a great campaign also appeared to be some new hesitancy about the deal to curb nuclear negotiated by international coalition. is maybe a too strong of Trump adviser told the on gonna take that been done before in international and then review a tumultuous Trump often contradicted his own policy ideas reversing himself within hours on abortion and the minimum for instance and there is no guarantee that he will not reverse himself again. He in the eyes of a threat to global and national security and a source of fear to millions of immigrants. Tony the ghostwriter of The Art of the warned this election could presage the end of and said he saw no moderation in Trump. see a significant possibility that Trump will change in any meaningful he said. anyone what decide serves him infighting that plagued his election campaign has continued during the according to which highlighted the role of who is married to daughter was influential in the decision to remove New Jersey governor as head of the transition team in of the website reported. top Rich had fallen out of with it and has been on the medium of Trump gave no clear signal about his only his mutability. On he berated the press and protesters for being to only to declare on the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great he will prove to be a great time in the lives of ALL We will unite and we will domestic foreign on on via on on on on on this content

Trump appears to have softened his stance on a range of sweeping campaign saying in his first interview since his election as US president that he might not repeal and that prosecuting over confidential emails was not a who had said he would repeal and after taking told the Wall Street Journal he might instead seek to reform the keeping the ban on insurers denying coverage for said he would also look to retain the provision that allowed young adults to be insured on their adding that he had been convinced of the virtues of the two points in his meeting with on and his family also filmed an interview with 60 Minutes to be broadcast on The said he would or repeal and replace without any gaps in provision. will be just fine. what I do. I do a good job and I know how to do this he told Having called a and during the Trump struck a conciliatory tone towards his former opponent in both interviews. The Wall Street Journal asked about campaign promises to appoint a special prosecutor to pursue criminal charges against his Democratic rival over her use of a private email server to conduct official business as secretary of state. Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as not something given a lot of because I want to solve border tax Trump said. The statement may anger the core many of whom chanted her lock her at campaign rallies. He told 60 Minutes the call in which conceded the election was was a tough call for I can imagine ... She have been nicer. She just said well very strong and very he adding that Bill had also called. have been more gracious. He said it was an amazing run. One of the most amazing he had ever Trump said of the former Republican shock victory has led to protests in some cities and on university and there have been allegations of racist and attacks. Trump told the Wall Street Journal he wanted to soothe the febrile public mood. want a country that loves each he said . The best way to do this was by creating whether the tone of his campaign had gone too he I vice Mike will play a key role in his serving as a liaison with Trump said. On Trump put Pence in charge of his transition while his her and his sons and joined the executive committee. The Peter and the former chairman of News who directed are also on the committee. On foreign Trump described resolving the conflict as ultimate deal As a like to do the deal that be made. And do it for he he said his focus would be on fighting State rather than getting rid of the is now totally aligned with and now you have which is becoming because of is aligned with Now backing rebels against and we have no idea who these people he said had received a letter from the and would speak to him soon. Protesters across the US have been preparing for a weekend of demonstrations in response to as other activists began work on plans to disrupt his inauguration in early next protests against Trump and a campaign that was widely as divisive have spread to cities all over the country following his victory on leading to dozens of arrests and a complaint from Trump on Twitter about in one of his first public remarks as on morning a man was shot at a protest in where police also reported that had been thrown at officers. police announced 25 arrests and described the situation as a than 10,000 people have signed up to attend a march at midday on from New Union Square to Trump the future home and corporate headquarters. us in the Stop Trump and his bigoted the of the said in a post. The Loyal White Knights of the said on their website they would be holding a in North next month. There have been reports of racist and other discriminatory attacks following the election. The Southern Poverty Law Center has logged more than 200 such incidents since the told the New think any question that been an politicians expressed deep misgivings about the victory and attacked hopes that the result would lead to a good trade deal for as delusional. a senior told the before the chances were rather now the hope for this kind of deal seems delusional ... With a more Trump it is in United own interest to seek close cooperation with their partners in this the president of the said Trump needed to learn is and how it think we will waste two years before Trump tours the world he does not he the foreign described the reaction as He said on he would not be attending an emergency foreign meeting to discuss the election result. A Foreign Office spokesman told the Press is a regular foreign affairs council meeting on where a range of issues can be discussed in the normal way. do not see the need for an additional meeting on because the US election timetable is long established. An act of democracy has taken there is a transition period and we will work with the current and future administrations to ensure the best outcomes for The former chief Sir John struck a cautionary tone in an interview with the World At One. getting back into a world which is quite he raising the prospect of the US going to war with or elections on on via on on on on on this content

The morning after election day was supposed to be one of reckoning for Republicans battered by internal strife over their unpopular it was the Democrats who awoke to a harrowing new world. stunning defeat on left the party leaderless and opened a struggle for Democratic establishment had their chance with this a of the Progressive Change Campaign said in a statement. time for new leadership of the Democratic Party more and more ideological that is hungry to do things like leading a movement instead of dragging people to the leader attacks campaign for taking vote for granted Read the liberal wing is climbing from the angry at the running of an establishment candidate in a year when the electorate clearly wanted change. In cities around the thousands of young people have taken to the streets to protest the the scenes of Democratic unity and and two Warren and campaigning on behalf of contrasted with top Republicans disavowing their nominee. Such could not hide deep divisions in the cracks were there to from unexpectedly strong primary challenge to protests at the convention in in and the removal on its eve of the first test lies in the selection of a new chair of the Democratic National the position filled by and On former governor Dean put himself forward for a second spell. On former governor Martin unsuccessful in his run for the presidential said he was a hard at the position. Twitter Martin name that seems to resonate most among is that of a representative from Sanders has endorsed the leader of the Congressional Progressive Caucus. a liberal firebrand from said on he would make a a conference call said he was prepared to help the party rebuild and would announce his decision on whether to run on shoelaces are tied up tight and ready to get out on that said on the which was hosted by Democracy for a progressive group founded by Dean. On Dean severed ties with the who is and the first member of would be a symbolic choice to lead the party under a Trump administration. Had she would have nominated likely from her to replace who will serve until a new chair is elected in March stepped down after hacked emails revealed that party officials had explored ways to hamper Sanders in the primaries. Another tranche of hacked emails revealed that working for had shared a debate question with sun will keep rising and keep Twitter Why elected control of the White House or either chamber of Democrats must protect gains made under while trying to advance their do not control the tools of but make no we know what we stand Warren said in a speech at the union on sun will keep rising and we will keep fail us. We failed Read laid out issues on which Democrats might be able to work with President including reforming international trade policy. Already the administration has backed away from the Partnership trade a win for progressives and Trump. Other possible areas of compromise include infrastructure tackling college and childcare costs and protecting social secretary of labor under Bill said liberals needed to form a to combat policies that would beat back equal is not said on the conference call. angrier we are and the more activated and directional the more we can channel that anger into real constructive change and blocking things that are so much the has argued for some time that the Democratic party has lost touch with working class voters it one represented. Exit polls suggest Trump won among white working class voters who supported in 2008 and 2012. said Democrats had to repair relations with the white working class but also embrace the minorities and single added that it was also the job to oppose do have to fight bigotry in all its he said. kind of bigotry that has been unleashed by this by giving permission to that kind of bigotry is something got to be alert to and got to on on via on on on on on this content

runs the show as England end jinx Read why not come on over for this v rugby union autumn internationals Read more Right it from me. love to sit around and that but the Wales v is going live in exactly two minutes and needed over there. Do pop over and join for reading this one and thanks for all the tweets and emails. Apologies for not using them all and apologies if you like rugby league. right though. your snipes are keeping me amused in a in 30-14 but guessing still looks say his expression at is on the other hand is the happiest man on earth by the looks of things. England get a penalty but decides enough is enough and pops it into touch. hoodoo 80 min catches the restart under no pressure in the South Flung wide right and England can go for one more from here. Over it goes and have time for one more lost. Tom celebrates at the final whistle after held on to beat by a single point. Images Good try this from second phase flat takes out and the goes over. 78 min Care nearly picks off a pass from but cling on. Knock on only and South have a scrum with a couple of minutes to go. 77 min is done for a high tackle and this time takes finding an excellent touch in the corner. on for are one point down and have possession near halfway with the clock in the red. 76 min just a which whacks out touch in goal. This is so bad from South is man of the match and fully deserved that is. 75 min But knocked after carries kicks ahead. A few kick exchanges then marks his international debut by flattening while trying to charge the replacement chip ahead. It looks a fraction late but very little in it. 74 min Here we wins the and here come the drives... 73 min is very close to picking off a loose pass from Venter. frankly a mess right now. and pops it into the news fans. You need me to tell you happened. 72 min Brown fields a long clearance but takes it into touch. Never mind as pinches the and who is at 10 now Ford has gone off has Billy puts it up. Kyle comes on for his debut in place of 71 min and on for for South England win the and go but loses it in the pouring rain. got to bloody go home to this weather. 69 min South carry it up into the England half but turn it over and cuts the line to ribbons. Inside it goes to Ford and he attacks the retreating line before chipping over the top. fields and cleared but this is awful from South Ford attempts to chip the ball over the South 68 min replaces Care replaces The England might be man of the match. Kicked ahead and throws a massive forward pass under no pressure in his own but gets away with it. does it Another is sold up the river for the second time and this time on his should for the simple finish under the posts. He knocks over the extras too. goes over to extend the England lead. Images celebrates with Ford and after scoring the fourth. Images 66 min Now England use the backs and shuffles up a few on the left. Back inside and South is driving Brown back out the 22... 65 min That is a mighty scrum from England and drives it up in the into the 22. carries it on but then momentum is stalled when hesitates. Billy rights that. 64 min an England scrum right on the South 22. Another try here would kill this one off. 63 min And from 40 kick drifts left. replaces replaces May. From the restart knocks on. on for 61 min Absolute thriller at where are holding on desperately with 15 minutes to play. Back is pinged for a high tackle on in the interests of first try was a second man play a tactic which came from Just 2016 60 min scuffs and pulls a horrible kick wide to the left from out on the right. And finally the do make a the speedy slipping away from May and bursting down the right after a nice offload out the back of the hand from He pops it inside and scampers over from the 22. They check that the offload forward despite protests on it clearly takes the ball over the line to score the first for the Springboks. 58 min While I was making a note of the changes South appear to have nabbed the ball back. They still get anywhere and are now back in their own half. 57 min Off comes captain with a strike rate at the on. The ball goes left from this but a and clears long to who runs it back and is chopped down on his own 10 line. Both props have been changed for South 56 min Ford goes high and now South look to carry it back from deep. drifts and takes into touch with not much ground gained for the visitors. 55 min from where my has begins matter how many points or how far ahead we you know that nothing will wipe the memory of having our most glorious result snatched from us by a cowardly cheese eating surrender monkey and we will find a way to lose no matter what. what we deserved to lose that Come on clears after South win the and drive it well. England have it 10 inside their own half. 54 min Ford finds touch on the right with a nice just outside the 22. makes his coming on for Wood who has played well on his comeback. is replaced by 53 min Scrappy ball but South retain it and burrows down the right before carries towards the 22. Eventually drops it and kicks for May to chase. This time does gather cleanly. 52 min Brown goes offside at the breakdown and gives away a penalty. after a bit of finds touch midway inside the England half on the 22-16 in 10-68 New 51 min So they revert to picking and driving their way up into the England half before kicks. May calls the mark and kick tennis ensues. Joy. 50 min shanks his box kick but May regathers and the can try going deeper and pushing South back into their own half. The Springboks have offered absolutely nothing with ball in hand so far today. I remember a single line break. May is tackled by South Pat Images I think my prediction of an winning margin might be wrong. 48 min From the England move it infield though the ball is eventually South went offside and will have an easy kick from 26 right in front.

The texts began arriving on phones over the Bank had spotted unusual activity on a significant number of current and was getting in touch with customers to alert them. But that enough to prevent being siphoned out of about 9,000 and transferred to criminals whose identities and locations remain a damage to the reputation may be significant but more significant still is that the attack is only the and presently most example of a rising tide of onslaughts against which seek to exploit any weak spot in computer systems and their motives are straightforward. As the wild west bank robber explained when asked to explain his where the money experts warn that which has already seen an audacious attempt to steal electronically from central bank in the is the precursor for much worse to a lot of economies in good see more and more skilled computing people being out of and turning to the dark side where they work for says Ilia chief executive of a web security company. at the same time got a lot of companies trying to their and preferring to save money on the side. hard to predict how successful and how large the scale will but pretty sure it will get attack occurred in when hackers broke into the Swift the international financial transfer information and told the Federal Reserve Bank of New to make 32 transactions to accounts around the world. Although only in two was paid a total of has not been recovered. Swift has since warned banks to update their is highly unlikely that the same group was behind the Bank the amounts involved and number of accounts are so different as to imply separate operations. this suggests that various gangs are trying to break into banks and accounts There have certainly been a number of raids some involving big money. In security company said that as much as had been stolen from 100 banks after their internal systems were infected with in late the National Crime Agency investigated the theft of from several enabled by which had infiltrated are suspicions that security model was more vulnerable to compromise than it should have once logged in to a current a user could set up a transfer to a current account in another bank without having to get an confirmation. The still is how the accounts were targeted. Twitter jailed for 11 years over thefts of from banks. Metropolitan is possible that the hackers found a weakness in the systems possibly from a current or former suggests Bank declined to discuss whether there are any patterns in the accounts that were is a criminal and so we are constrained in what we can a spokesman said. He declined to say whether any criminals had been identified or what lines of investigation were being chief executive of the Financial Conduct Authority told last week that are elements of this that look but did not parts are The fraud was far from the largest conducted on a in head of a fraud was jailed for 11 after his gang stole from banks. They fooled people into thinking they were talking to their and got them to hand over their details which he would then use to get access to their accounts. Only has been if the is it must be about the nature and the scale of the attack not its value. And this is the if criminals can compromise 9,000 accounts in a matter of hours during a weekend and siphon off an average of from each one before being to prevent it being done to an even greater number of accounts for greater amounts of and leaving banks to pick up the to stop it being done to any bank every idea of banks building up a false sense of security before a disaster might sound familiar. an independent consultant on likens the situation now to the US financial market in when complacency over the inherent risks of products was compounded by ratings agencies which had an interest in certifying sketchy financial instruments as safe. just like referring to the film and book about the to the financial which was forecast by only a few. computer security industry is worth but it work any more. Having a box to protect your bank website or business work. But nobody is prepared to accept the like discussing more than 100 banks are reckoned to have had up to stolen in late according to security company The hackers compromised internal computers and used video feeds for months to learn daily points out that 2015 was a record year for globally but only because 2016 finished yet. which tries to attack or corporate systems is on the are now thought to be more than 500 million and other viruses in and reportedly every day another 1.25 million threats change as they are copied between making identification Twitter The Federal Reserve Bank in New which was told to make 32 transactions for accounts around the world after hackers got into the transfer system. the attraction of banking is it require expensive offices in high or the employment of thousands of tellers who might be vulnerable to criminals through blackmail or greed. it relies on and a relatively small and highly trained while the function normally done by tellers can be outsourced to call that have little more access than ordinary customers to the the banking should mean greater convenience it can be done anywhere and any time you can get an connection and since the challenges as passwords and memorable words or you face to log on successfully are more complex than a simple number at a cash for inserting a computer between the customer and the bank has opened up new risks from targeting web computers and mobile phones. software and computers both the and the can have mysterious bugs which allow access to hackers and leave almost no there is a constant need for and updates to defeat while banks strengthen their the weak link can lie outside. One of the biggest problems for banking was the which defeated many packages. First seen in it lurked in the background of Windows computers infected via email attachments or web pages and captured passwords and account numbers. By it had infected nearly two men a called and an were given prison sentences more than 24 years for their role in creating and running a of infected computers called which relied on and had stolen more than from US banks by their customers. By there were versions of that infected running on putting banking at far banks appear to have managed to stay ahead in the arms the growth in the use of may actually have because their security model is generally better than holding in deeper Twitter Banking security appears to be better than it is on have often borne the cost of the though. professor of security engineering at computer security has clashed with the financial for more than a first over weaknesses in security and more recently over reluctance to accept the cost of while they reap the profits of lower who have been defrauded often have to fight for their says. Many of those whose money was stolen by are still trying to get their money he points long as banks have to bear the cost of they have an incentive to improve their he notes that the case in which refunds were immediate was a rare and welcome exception. He notes that being able to transfer money more quickly has brought significant the old if you wanted to send to your aunt in it would cost you and take four days and you might have to visit the branch. Now it can be set up and sent in seconds. If a fraud you stop might sound strange for a computer security expert to bemoan faster payments. But the problem is more one of imperfect something failed at Because thousands of customers were affected by the paid but when a single person or business is hit by or another banks often dispute design systems for perfect humans who can recall dozens of passwords. They should design for people as they faults and says the threat to the and the will only increase. attacks are going to get and going to recruit machine learning that not just for Twitter A customer uses a machine at a Bank cash point. Customers who lost money in the recent attack have been refunded. TIDE OF like to talk about especially when it involves customer accounts. But here are some that we know As many as 100 banks worldwide are discovered to have been infiltrated by sent as email attachments to bank employees which sent back video and other data from internal networks. That helped hackers to steal a total of according to the which claims it had gone on for almost two years. Neither the amounts stolen nor the details have been 2014 About 730,000 login details for wealthy clients of are offered for sale after being stolen by an Galen between 2011 and 2014. says it found no evidence that customers lost any money. Marsh pleaded guilty in receiving 36 probation. was fined hackers in and break into the internal networks at financial institutions in their countries and infect with that would give them 50 times the amount they seemed to be taking out. The group is reckoned to have gained access by buying access to already infected by opportunistic hackers using weaknesses in Office and 2015 Hackers acquire codes from the international financial network which enables transfers between to get access to a bank in and transfer out of it via Wells to banks in Hong and The bank sues Wells but does not tell which only learns of the incident via a lawsuit in May 2015 confirms that has been stolen from it by a fraudulent transfer via a bank. Neither the bank nor offers any information about how the fraud 2015 The National Crime Agency investigates a series of bank frauds enabled by called which infects and harvests banking details from users. accounts are reckoned to have had taken from them and paid to accounts in eastern 2016 is stolen from central investigators link the used to break into the systems to that used to penetrate Pictures in 2014 by a hacking group called The hackers had sought to transfer but a fault in their code halted the transaction 2016 Swift says a bank has been but disclose whether any money was or which bank is involved. It urges its numbering more than to keep their software up to 2016 is stolen from a bank in after the Swift system is exploited using a method similar to that used against the central bank in 2016 Bank says has been stolen over the weekend of 5-6 from the accounts of about 9,000 out of a total of 136,000. All have been questions remain about how the transfers were made. could face a substantial fine from and building on on via on on on on on this content

Royal Mail workers have been urged to look out for an idealistic grammar school boy who vanished after reading Down and Out in and disappeared from his home in rural more than two months leaving his parents a letter explaining that he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within the year. His and have made emotional appeals asking him to tell them he is safe but also want him to contact Missing People if he feels he cannot speak to them. senior helpline manager at Missing said on someone goes missing it can be an exceptionally difficult time for any family. When the missing person is a as in not knowing where a loved one or if they are safe and can be especially would encourage and anyone else who is missing or away from home to contact us by phone or email. free and and you can call in confidence. We will not make you go home and we cannot trace your call. Our team is here to offer advice and options that will help make you charity is also working with the Royal Mail to ask postal workers to look out for Missing People our partnership with Royal we are able to target alerts to particular geographical locations as in we can alert all 120,000 postal workers across the Twitter and pictured at home in near for the postal workers looking out in their local communities for a missing person can bring great comfort to the families who are waiting for news and the police are increasingly requesting Royal Mail alerts as a key part of their search in high risk and police are working on new leads following appeals from parents but Ms said on there had been no major teenager left without his any other electronic equipment or bank cards and had just earned from a job working in a kitchen restaurant which is exactly what did in Speaking to the Guardian on said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and said was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge the last two summers his has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His went I think he was inspired by all that. think that he felt he wanted his own adventure. was leaving for university and he was going to be the last one at home with us. I think he looking forward to being left alone with us. I think he wanted to test prove his said was an avid reader. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been influence. He was reading on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule out that possibility. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in The has not been seen since he left for Grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my His custom was to leave his bike at a local post office and get the bus from there to school. When he did not return his mother went to the post office but could find no sign of the bike. Next day a letter arrived in the post. It mum and dad. I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near bike is chained to the fence. to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took had just received outstanding grades and started his the previous day at Grammar in one of most highly rated state has been very difficult for and police to find the teenager because he took no electronic equipment with him and has no bank account. No footage of him has been found. His parents have to towns on the south coast and cities including and to try to find putting up posters and speaking to hospitals and homeless charities. He is described as of slight build with light brown hair. may now have considerably shorter possibly Missing People. Call 116 000. 116 000. with information about can also contact the police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 on on via on on on on on this content

I look at pictures of men my age and wonder if women look as much alike as men do in their seventh decade. I doubt because most of us come with accessories. realistic by this stage of life. looking for a best an as well as an We expect he will come with thinning loose skin and stiff same as us. The photos men put up are often blurry. The most popular pose is the in a bathroom mirror. When I spot a photo of a go on to read his profile. Often read as many as 50 before finding one engaging enough to respond initial message will respond to something he mentioned in his profile. I keep it because well over half never acknowledge my introduction. an example of a note I fired off to a literary gentleman in Lost in Translation. in agreement. Guy was a brilliant writer. I admire his short story your really the mother who smokes Read could see he read my note right yet he took several hours to reply you the best of luck in your Clearly we will not be discussing the work of Guy over a fine even though he is seven years older and two inches shorter than most men on dating Lost in preferred age range begins at 30 years his junior. I am contacted by gentlemen 30 years my junior. But while a good many appear intelligent and I would trade the lot of them for a terrific man my own as comfortable in his skin as I am in Tell us what really thinking email really on on via on on on on on this content

virtually a year to the day since declared that to the be a luxury it should be a right... going to bring fast broadband to every home and business that wants for many trying to work in broadband such pledges are increasingly hollow. many communities are taking matters into their own and some are hopeful they might be able to secure a solution that would mean they are no longer stuck in the digital dark government has previously claimed that of the country should have access to broadband by the end of but last month successor May highlighted the scale of the challenge when she complained that of people living in rural and so many small get a decent not just in remote locations. Take for example. He is a web developer who is forced to go to and the library to upload his work because his broadband speed is so lives in in just a few hundred from the towers of Canary Wharf. As he central yet thousands of residents are only getting around two megabits per second. The average broadband according to is is due to be updated in the coming and broadband is defined as or more. In urban it is often blocks of flats that are are many other digital black holes around the earlier this year website named the places with the slowest average with the list topped by the village of where the typical figure was just and the lowest speed measured was just live in in West according to the news and information site lies seventh from the bottom out of 650 constituencies for is the case with many places dealing with the everyday challenges of trying to work within an area with speeds supposedly often lower than those at Mount Everest base frustrations run urban it is often blocks of flats that are particularly afflicted because many of these buildings have a dedicated line from the ground floor to the nearest telephone exchange. They are made of and can run long slowing the speed at which information travels. In some communities fed up with waiting for to get to them are turning to the growing numbers of smaller companies and local ventures that offer potential solutions for those in supposedly include a local service provider based in that is owned by the Diocese of and publishing company and uses parish church spires to deliver broadband to remote who was its chief executive until the beginning of this cable is a good technology for high transition speeds in urban but much more expensive per person in less populated regions. You need to use other He reliable broadband is more important than for the majority of people. For those getting by on under would be how are some of these people about live opposite Canary which is almost central yet the area has one of the largest number of lines. This means there are very few cabinets and so more expensive for to upgrade. If lucky enough to live near the exchange you can get or but for thousands of us nearer got a pressure group and have been fighting for a better connection for four or five I became about five years ago I knew it would be an but I how much. I can work from home when emailing or coding but I upload anything. there are some nice and a good library in the area. It feel like an inconvenience so much until you how much time wasting. It affect the quality of my but I definitely have to put in longer hours to make up the got a pressure and been fighting for a better connection for four or five years and tried on around 7,400 homes in the area get broadband faster than and 4,000 hover around The local council made an election promise a few years ago to solve the and last summer the managing director of outlined what he was going to do to improve it in by March 2017. afraid I just believe what saying. none of published plans addresses the issues of those most so the 4,000 figure change much in the foreseeable says a company called which in bringing optic broadband direct to buildings is being very currently have plans to connect single which has a lot so this will only be part of the adds that a fast unlimited supplier covering central tried to extend its service to his area a year but its planning application for a new mast was rejected by now feel at an utter loss. We would love the council to work and Relish to reapply but to date they have not responded to our questions about says that they need the fastest broadband be happy with between and live in the village of two miles outside the busy market town of rural but not with several industrial estates and local small businesses. We only recently moved here before we used the website postcode check on the property. In 2015 it indicated that broadband was in place and upgrade while the Connecting website said it was very and the fact that when we viewed the house the vendor gave us a postcard had delivered saying broadband now in your gave us enough reassurance and we bought the house. Twitter Simple email is torturous for who lives in nothing has happened. The speed in the village is still run a consulting business from and uploading and downloading artwork is and simple email torturous. If I log on to banking to transfer funds it may take three or four attempts. Watching television or services is almost impossible if we want to watch a Sky movie we have to give the 24 notice so it can download I spoke to to get a quote for a connection. The process almost drove me to tears it took me five months and a personal visit to the head office in to finally get contact with a community officer who could look into this for us. after further we were told that to proceed have to pay between to for the village after receipt of this it would take up to a year to get think you have to be a rocket scientist to read between the lines with they want the business. we found a private company based in ITS Technology is offering a cheap solution in a matter of a few months. Thirty up and down unlimited monthly no connection fee... been incredible. like finding the Holy Grail for many of us. The only issue is we need 60 households to sign up to make it work commercially for and of the so taking a while to convince everyone. If it does it will make a real difference to a lot of families and between and run a flower farm in in the Borders. When the broadband is poor really poor our connection is On top of no consistency you think something is loading and gone again. I just want to be able to do things that ordinary people can I put out an email to florists in saying what flowers we have in stock sometimes it takes until for the mailing list to upload. I manage but it takes 10 times as long. I work most evenings until late to catch office updates ... everything is If you do things people think a real But not. I just want to be able to do things that ordinary people can do. We thought be getting an upgrade last year but no. very annoyed about this it got our hopes up. Apparently too far from the exchange for to upgrade are six houses in our hamlet and the same for all of us. Our hope is a small local company called which of technology that is used widely in rural and The way it works is that if you can see the you should get a been great a mast on a hill a few miles and moving it higher up the hill to see if it can work for us. They made us any promises but they are going to try to connect know they have been working on as one of our has been watching them with binoculars. If it does cost to register and then prices start from a month for quietly you getting what you pay remains the only essential utility we buy without knowing exactly what we are paying says a telecoms expert at advice website one pays a flat tariff for a mystery quantity of or an unknown number of kilowatt and yet this is exactly the situation with broadband. Advertised speeds are simply fiction for says and the Advertising Standards Authority are to announce possible changes to the way speeds are advertised later this the new rules took effect on 31 Broadband which include Show all upfront and monthly forcing companies to include line rental in the headline Give greater prominence to the length of the contract and any Give greater prominence to upfront this year the and said customers it difficult to calculate the true cost of a contract when presented with ads where introductory line contract length and costs were presented and some elements given greater found that a hefty of those asked were unable to correctly work out the total cost of a broadband change to more honest pricing is a good but we have a long way to go This article was amended on 29 2016 to make clear that is no longer chief executive of on on via on on on on on this content

Picture the it is March 2017 and President Trump emerges from the White House with after several hours of talks. The body language is they slap each other on the back and cackle with laughter. Trump tells the gathered is a valued partner in the fight against State and a key strategic partner. For President this kind of deal free of on democracy or human leaving him a free hand in his of and other former Soviet is what he had always hoped for in relations with his US counterparts. Until it had seemed an impossible dream. Twitter nesting dolls of and Trump on sale in election of Trump means the scenario for suddenly got a lot better. But sober heads in are also aware that the scenario just got much worse. Relations between and would almost certainly have been but would have operated within a predictable framework. The usual rules of the game may now be dramatic souring of the relationship between and after Turkey shot down a plane last is a small taster of how quickly things can deteriorate in a relationship between two leaders for whom displaying strength is everything. Mapping the Trump 10 countries and regions feeling the heat Read is also the issue of some of the hawkish Republican old guard around Trump. the of radio in the happy about the result but later it could hit home that this may not be a good thing. Imagine if former US ambassador to the United John is made secretary of Imagine some in policymaking circles being uneasy about he appears to have been the preferred candidate all along. was directly accused by the current US administration of trying to interfere in the elections on his through a network of shadowy links to members of and alleged hacking of emails from Democratic party released by has denied all accusations of meddling in the with describing them as The political analyst told the Guardian on he did not believe had tried to although we helped a bit with He did not elaborate on what exactly he meant or how he have also been a number of establishment voices openly gleeful about the result. Margarita the head of the Today television tweeted on election only to launch jubilant celebrations in the aftermath of victory and say she wanted to drive round waving a US flag. Twitter is one of the politicians who have welcomed election. who until was the top foreign policy official in upper house of expect love or gifts from a patriot and a businessman. But not an a realist. And a realist understands the language of offered the and an alarming certainty of conflict. Trump offers an opportunity to escape this conflict. A big was one of the first world leaders to congratulate dispatching a telegram before using a speech to profess hope for a new golden period of understand that it will not be an easy path given the current state of degradation in the he said from the as I have repeatedly not our fault that relations are in such a poor state. But wants and is ready to restore fully fledged relations with the United of the appeal of Trump is his status as a who will shake up the established order of things and break down western unity. an international affairs will plunge the US into a period of turmoil and diminish US power in the world. The expectation is that US relations with its allies would become more fraught and there would much less unity in opposing from the there is also hope in that Trump and could get real business done. statement in his victory speech that will get along with all other nations willing to get along with will have been music to while causing horror in and the capitals. said the two men had approaches to foreign in an interview with television this week. you remember speech at the recent forum and compare it with the speech by Trump they had identical key messages about foreign the and the Trump White there will be fears about what such rapprochement could mean for the but also about what happens if it all goes wrong. Both leaders like talking tough. has claimed he was ready to put nuclear forces on high alert during the annexation of while state television has issued reminders to the US that is only country capable of turning into radioactive For his Trump has refused to rule out the use of nuclear even in of this is doubtless but neither Trump nor is renowned for having thick and with the two largest nuclear arsenals under their the potential to be backed into a rhetorical corner by an unforeseen crisis is real. As analyst put is a Trump is also a macho. Maybe it could be a In the coming would be sending emissaries to sound out Trump on his priorities and analysts said. officials said earlier this week that such contacts had already been made during the something spokeswoman over and an abandonment of US missile would be the key priorities in though it is unclear what could offer Trump in have to be formal said. very hard to imagine a written agreement over for example. But they can be informal understandings. the sort of conversation will be looking foreign on on via on on on on on this content

has to switch his phone off at work so the constant text messages do not distract him. He gets around 20-25 a day from payday lenders and brokers offering loans of up to a We have reviewed your application a typical text reads. loan of up to is ready to says another. received your loan inquiry. Are you able to take our Reply YES email is just as with messages from brokers and lenders arriving as often as every five minutes at some points during the day. The same lender might send messages at and while two for the same broker arrive one after another. Taking up any of these offers of credit would not be cheap all the firms offer often at annual rates of more than loan complaints to financial ombudsman nearly triple in a year Read who is in his early and has a wife and young is upfront about the fact he opened the door to these lenders. A gambling he took out loans over a few his debts mounting up until he became insolvent in late 2014. Recent money worries saw him searching for loans this and the floodgates you put the feelers as lots of people they start to show their true he says. are firms out there who have taken a lot of but even with that negative press and extra regulation they are still happy to bombard and harass and even lend to someone who has a history of not being able to pay it back and is in says he feels like a drug addict being constantly offered temptation. is a very complex and difficult he says. have bumps in the and when you have those bumps the very last thing you need is temptation. My life would be immeasurably easier if my drug of choice as readily available. If it so in my face it would be less of a may have fallen victim to what is known as a whereby an application is made through a particular type of site that is itself not a lender but a It passes your request on to many other firms. Although the rules around payday loans have been it seems some lenders and brokers are still playing fast and loose with contact is not the first time has fallen into this trap. Several years ago he was being similarly inundated with messages from lenders and but since then the industry has come under the stewardship of a new and thought things had changed. his credit record is worse. In late 2014 he and his partner entered into an an insolvency arrangement that allows borrowers to negotiate of their debts over a set period of time. At the time the couple could manage to pay a month into the after bills and the cost of to but this summer the rented home they had lived in for eight years was put on the market and they found that their monthly costs had fallen behind the market rate. Their new in a less nice part of costs them a compared with the they were and as a result they are behind on the Even with negative press and extra regulation they are still happy to bombard and harass someone who is the found he was able to take out new loans from two neither of whom asked him to disclose previous money problems. His terrible credit record proved no the summer Citizens Advice said some payday lenders were still flouting the guidance on responsible with around a quarter of borrowers saying they been or could not remember being about their situation. It cited the example of a client who was granted a payday loan following checks despite suffering from depression and having no permanent being previously declared bankrupt and having only benefit the emails and texts flood even as the lenders he is now behind with get in touch to ask for the company is also chasing him. He has considered changing his phone but at the moment just turns it off. He says he think will make a the reaffirms that under existing rules lenders are not allowed to send emails telling people that they have been approved for a loan. rules require that firms do not state or imply to customers that credit is available regardless of the financial circumstances or status. We also require that all communications are fair and not misleading. If a financial promotion is misleading it is likely to contravene our says he wants people to know that lenders and brokers are still aggressively targeting despite the new rules. you fill in your it just go to the one company it gets fired out to all of the sharks in the Over half a million in have their debt written off over Read urges debt charity has called on the City watchdog to ban unsolicited calls for financial such as payday are contacting people who are financially vulnerable with offers of loans that can cause serious financial says the head of policy Peter problem for many people is they have lost control of their personal data and do not know which have or will use their information and sometimes this can result in being a report published on the charity said that nearly two years on from the introduction of tough the payday loans market to show signs of irresponsible lending and poor treatment of people in financial It said inappropriate lending was still people were still building up multiple and checks carried out by lenders were still not always the first six months of the helped 28,000 people with payday loan with more than a third having three or more such debts. The average amount owed was just lower than in 2014 before the regulations came into force. the proportion of people coming to the charity with payday loan debts has fallen from its peak of prior to the regulations to this number of additional rules came into force in including a requirement that interest and fees on all credit loans are capped at per day of the amount borrowed. If borrowers do not repay their loans on default charges must not exceed In the total cost interest is capped at of the original which means no borrower will ever pay back more than twice what they added that the digital economy currently going through was an opportunity to tighten the rules around firms selling and sharing personal you are struggling with there are many places you can turn to for free advice. They Debt Charity or call 0800 138 Citizens Advice Find your local bureau at National or call 0808 808 A service financed by the credit industry at or call 0800 280 and on on via on on on on on this content

How can I restart my career and avoid discrimination now I am using a became disabled nearly five years losing the use of my hands gradually over 12 with my general mobility becoming more impaired. now transitioning into a wheelchair. Prior to this been employed for seven years in middle management with the same and was generally doing well in my career of 15 years. I had never had any issues or performance concerns and was considered a high was made redundant 14 months after becoming but with a good package I accepted this and moved on. I interview well and had a good I was offered a new job quite but when I declared my disability the role disappeared. I decided after that to not declare my disabilities until I had my foot in the so to speak. I did just declaring my disability on day one of a new job and was made 11 months later. Evidence of discrimination was gathered and I was offered a payout. Cue the next same same outcome. Now 13 months into job four and in the same position. I know the signs and am before what I believe to be the inevitable know that the law is on my side regarding but taking a complaint route is distressing and and hate to go through it again. I want to be in a position where I have to keep on can I get off this Now that I am a wheelchair user at least I have the dilemma of whether or not to declare my disability. I think my support needs are lightweight equipment dictation software and premises. Above I need a manager who will support but how can I assess that in the job interview do I need to do differently to not just get a job but keep I know how to get my career back on very glad you no longer have to make that difficult decision as to whether or not to declare your disability on first contact. pretty sure in most preferable for it to be known from the but now at least that decision is made for am slightly surprised you mention any that exist specifically to support people in your situation. identified several that would seem promising. You of have approached them but found they led nowhere but if you I strongly recommend that you conduct an search and follow up on those sites that seem to suit you in matchmaking employees with employers who are actively seeking to take on disabled people. What this of is that not in unspoken competition with so no question of discrimination coming into however unconscious. As I have no direct knowledge of any of these afraid I advise you or make specific but do please look into them your letter struck by how little you have to say about your own particular strengths and experience. I suspect that you entirely have become so preoccupied with what you need that neglected to make the case for what you can offer. In your 20 work you must have acquired knowledge and specific skills that would be of particular value to potential employers. These can prove more attractive to recruiters even if only a minority than more general say Apply for a role at a disability charity or a disabled They are used to making adjustments and not be judged. But understand if feel a little As a disabled it took me a long time to find an and a role where I felt comfortable and but out there. Ask lots of questions at interview about the provisions make. The attitude they take should give you a good idea as to what be like as an employer. Apply for civil service jobs. All government departments have a robust policy that starts at the application with the guaranteed interview principle for candidates who pass the agreed competency standard. is driving me crazy the only fly in the ointment of my dream am blessed in that I have landed my dream job. After costly and exhausting hundreds of hours of voluntary dozens of applications and and a lot of determination and I have a satisfying and challenging job in the charity sector that pays well and in which I feel problem is the commute. On good days the drive is 1 hour 20 minutes each on bad days more than two hours and it is becoming exhausting. Public transport really an option due to remote find that my evenings are lost in a haze of and I fear know I am becoming unpleasant to be around. I used to have hobbies creative but these are no longer viable. Weekends are invaluable but I am tired a lot of the there anything I can do to alleviate or do I suck it I want to appear ungrateful. Working from home really an option as I manage volunteers and need to have an office presence. I have considered staying in an during the week but I would be sad not to see my family every yourself for four hours a and now much of it in the is not only exhausting but also potentially dangerous. How about splitting your For spending and nights near your place of work and going home the other evenings. At the cost of two evenings away you would reduce your double commute from five days to just the one with the weekend to imagine your sympathetic employer would be anxious to help so if you could also negotiate the occasional working from eliminate the double commute and have an uninterrupted three days at say I would find a cheapish for two nights a week. Many smaller places would be glad of the regular and after a short time you tend to become a friend and be treated better than more casual customers. Faced with a similar I moved. I have walked or cycled to work for the past 35 years and been doing a job I enjoy and which stressful. Work to live to work. A motorbike cut my commuting time by well over and had the advantage of making me arrive in work with a smile on my face. Please get a motorbike. I know how many motorcyclists have been killed on my local stretch of motorway during rush which is but with lethal a couple of nights. you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply at on on via on on on on on this content

The lives of the first people I think of on Remembrance are my My uncle by said these words to me a few years ago. been seeing each other as I worked on a Dear Jelly Family Letters from the First World that reproduces the letters written by his uncles to their and being his mother. Her and had enlisted soon after the first world war began and kept in touch with the family by a different sort of letter arrived at the family home in early 1916. The War Office informed the family that of the Royal Rifles Corps was missing in after an trench raid on the eve of the Battle of the Perhaps there was reason for hope he might be lying injured in a field hospital in or have been taken prisoner by the passed with no further information. Lady tried to find out more. Later that her connections led to a strange interview. She was given permission to talk to a now a prisoner of war in England. He had been defending the trench that was raided by members of battalion and he was able to confirm that there was no reason for hope. had died during the raid and the officer had identified him by the bill in his tunic pocket. One small consolation he could offer the family was that had been buried and his grave marked. was of fallen soldiers released to mark battle's centenary Read brother survived the and continued to fight in the playing his part in the Royal Field Artillery and rising to the rank of captain. He wrote many amusing often illustrated with drawings to make his sisters laugh. Then tragedy struck again when he caught flu in a hospital while recovering from a gunshot wound. He aged just days short of the Armistice in than a million servicemen fighting with the or forces were injured or died during the Battle of the which ground to a halt in 1916. Like so many families across the had to learn to live with their loss. In the early they claimed the posthumous medals and they kept many of their letters. Just after was married in she ran across from the bridal gathered outside the to lay her wedding bouquet on the war memorial inscribed with her names. who changed her name to named her youngest son uncle after her brothers and her husband. The brothers may not have lived long but they are still Satire eluded us but it helped do the dishes Political Science by Randy Twitter Watch Randy perform Political Science I was growing for reasons that remain the family sound system was a car changer instead of a standard player. The decision about which 10 albums made the cut each fortnight or so was mostly allowing for a few bottom Mum got one there would always be one and one by Randy review a great songbook all by himself Read saw as a kindred shouldering the weight of the world and giving voice to it with sardonic He would often put on the Lonely at the before confronting his least the he would exhale noisily. are we going to It was assumed he was talking about the state of the not the was such a vivid presence in my family that my sister and I must have been his youngest fans to be just as familiar with his 1972 album Sail Away as with his work for knew all the words to his songs about the the great flood of 1927 before we had any idea what they were at least on the same page for Short which struck us as though at the time of its saw it as blatant about foreign was our the big one we called mistaking its chorus for its up in the melodies and the more obvious jokes save want to hurt no his satire mostly went over our was only as I got older that I appreciated the cleverness of and how it may have shaped the and of a generation of my a few years my mum asked us to write our thoughts on the future in permanent marker on for reasons that remain struggling with the nature of the wrote a lost love to My golden the butter into a saucepan and melt it slowly over a hot ring. Add the syrup and water. Bring slowly to the stirring occasionally. Continue boiling until the mixture breaks crisply when a little is tested in cold water in a saucer. Remove from the stir in the cream of tartar and pour into an oiled or greased flat tray. When half mark into inch squares. When remove from the break across the dust with icing sugar and store in a tin. I say but I think you will store it for long. Twitter Golden butterscotch store it for Stock front room door of my childhood farmhouse looked almost good enough to eat. Last varnished and at the turn of the 20th century to resemble the grain pattern of a the initials of the craftsman and a date were just visible beneath the middle panel AH 1906. His handiwork remained untouched for half a resulting in the varnish becoming a richer golden brown with each passing decade. By the time I was in it in my a gigantic slab of my aged maiden which she made for me as a special a month before the end of the afternoon I was given my own small tin. At after blowing out the candle or turning down the wick of the I snuggled between cotton under the wool eiderdown and the patchwork quilt. I removed a gold ingot from my treasure chest. I began to suck wanting to make the last for voice from the bottom of the your teeth again before you go to golden end to a golden love to hear your will pay for every Letter Snapshot or We Love to Eat we publish. Write to Family The Kings 90 or email Please include your address and phone world on on via on on on on on this content

On morning I go on a long dog walk with a bunch of people in the country. at the back of the discussing the finer points of my with someone who has undergone the same thing. At some point not sure when I became the sort of person who gladly shares details of unpleasant medical procedures in the course of small talk. nice to have a but I really want to be defined by my transverse colon. got so much else wrong with all fine I say. I want to change the subject to my bad but attention has been diverted by a dog getting stuck in a cattle the my wife packs our bag and I put it in the car. Some of the other house guests are staying to but we are taking our dog and our oldest son back to We say our get in the car and left my phone the oldest one about five miles down the road. Twitter for the you I he says. know exactly where I left my wife says. me find a place to turn Eventually a of sufficient depth presents and we head back the way we sure to make plenty of noise as you go my wife tells the oldest one. all be in the kitchen talking about I will have observed the she says. missed that try to calculate how many years been living in blissful ignorance of this social convention. now be discussing how weird or awful we my wife says. would Twitter for the the way I think about the conversation taking place in the kitchen. If only made more of an effort during our brief visit. Right now people might be is so helpful and fun to be instead took the last coffee pod this and got something wrong with his We pull into the come in with my wife says to the oldest one. case listen at the door I in the car with the I think about how little my wife cares about what people say about as long as she around to hear it. on the other am already filling the gap since the grace period elapsed with unhealthy speculation. Is it possible spent my life being insufficiently Two car doors open it I say. were they over my wife evening the oldest one and his friends go out to watch some fireworks. When they return several hours I am still watching I do my best impersonation of someone who is friendly and accommodating fun to be but also conscientious about not outstaying his welcome. Shortly after heading upstairs to I think about going back down to retrieve my but then I missed the of the oldest friends stays and to lunch. Just before I make a start on the indulge in some and then creep upstairs to check my email. Five minutes later I hear my wife erupt into laughter downstairs. The oldest one and his friend laugh along. With me or at I Weekend on on via on on on on on this content

Aside from the first pictures of Trump inside the White House there was no disputing the most terrifying image. Those racer snakes lying in wait for young marine iguanas on Sir wonderful new natural history series also happened to be an ideal allegory for the treacherous landscape of professional sport. To elude crushing disappointment requires determination above resourcefulness when it many ways that is key it takes more than a pack of snakes to deter the lizard of Oz. Only last year the England squad was swallowed up and spat out of its own World since took over they have not lost in nine games and shed their old skin of tactical uncertainty. Should South win at on extending their unbeaten run in this it will be a surprise to anyone who has been in and around the England camp in this showdown with South at will be decided Read in itself is a significant the players seem happier and more perhaps as ready for an opening game of an autumn series as they have ever been. As well as their pay rising to around per man per match excluding the latest deal between the Rugby Football Union and the clubs has permitted the three training camps in and Preparation has been intense. insiders say it is not uncommon for some of emails to be sent at The England says training is tougher than the actual seen the boss and what he demands of us and that filters down. expectant and I think we all are England will kick off with seven of the same starting pack the exception is for at prop that assembled two years it has not simply been a matter of reshuffling personnel. The biggest reckons the former All Black captain is between the think is a very good coach and shown said now a board member at who face at the Stoop on got the best out of a group of players that performed. about their mental attitude. The goal now is whether they can go to the next level and be in the world in three is indeed the six million dollar question or whatever sum that is worth in sterling nowadays. is allergic to complacency we lose against South the only thing be asking me time does your flight but the central struts of his grand design are increasingly backs England to hit their peak for next World Cup final Read the outset he has urged players to reconnect with their powerful forward heritage and recalibrate what previously constituted absolute dedication. He also wants them to be meaner and more His meetings with the squad in the conducted on a public resembled a a couple of minutes of you done what I told you last before the next victim was ushered in. He likes a correctly judging that they enhance the collective but making every player a little bit better is his obsession. Hence the judo and the recent arrival of operatives such as and the new conditioning Dean previously with the Wallabies. says is constantly on at him make incremental that will extend his may be as simple as doing more stretching exercises or cutting a fraction or two off the time it takes to rise from the floor and get back in the defensive or attacking line one of key selection criteria. There have already been judicious carrots dangled in front of resurgent senior players now Tom Wood with younger colleagues reminded there is no such thing as the finished article. As observed this lot of young players are like shooting comets. After a while they have a bit of a fall because you keep going like that. Then about how quickly you pick over in side to face South Read other conspicuous talent is his eye for latest trends. about flankers is irrelevant in the modern he announced on once asked former Springbok White if pick an and he said the only thing a fetcher is good for is getting the beers. You need players from 1-15 to contest the ball and make good rugby on a wet day and rain is forecast for is equally outdated against good sides. have to be able to move with where the going. You play just strangulation rugby any more and win Test matches. Every law that comes in now is about making the game more more skilled. You have to have numbers on their backs. I think 14 and 15 will change their roles considerably going forward. the same with 7 and so often he is spot just as he put a precise finger on South needs when he was employed as a consultant to work alongside White and the current South head before the 2007 World Cup and got on well there was much hilarity whenever the latter was asked to translate impassioned and the results were impressive. just tried to add finesse to what they shrugs I went there the house was already painted. I was just filling in spots for England house does not look too shabby unless the absence of the injured Jack and co means the hosts start sluggishly against a colossal pack. is going to be physical is like saying that table is and motivation is not an issue. are a team that have got a goal under to be the best in the said sick and tired of never having beaten the wrote their own history last the Cubs wrote their own now we want to do the Keep climbing up ladder and those nightmarish World Cup racer snakes will fade further from the rugby union rugby on on via on on on on on this content

And for is that. been a blast. I leave you with a handy link to the latest qualifying tables. Kyle has also been talking about Northern big We knew it was going to be difficult. a team that sits in and lets us have plenty of the but we got an early goal and forced them to come out and play. I think it was a proper Northern performance. seven years ago this was a game struggle but the last five years been winning these games. I think everyone wants to play for and and good for him that got 17 players that want to sweat blood for worked on set pieces all week. We knew Josh had a long and I finally got in there and got the and what worked on all week has paid off. a match report from leads the way as Northern ease past Read more Brunt has had a quick chat about Northern It was a good performance. We knew we were going to have to work pretty hard. For periods in the second half they had a lot of the but we were dangerous when we got the ball and got what we deserved. It a great start for getting smashed in the but I enjoyed the game tonight. It was a good I was delighted to be a part of it and hopefully kick on. And all over in where Northern have beaten 4-0 to record a sixth successive home win for the first time in all of Northern and Josh applaud the fans in Also 4-0 3-1 Some final 0-8 3-0 2-1 Republic 2-1 has another goal for the making the score 4-1 in stoppage time. has scored a second in stoppage from the penalty spot this and now 0-3 with on this one. been a thoroughly dominant performance tonight from Northern Made look very average 2016 King has scored to make it Republic 2-1 but the have just three minutes to find an 0-8 with the latest. qualifying hopes are hanging by a thread here. Northern have a 4-0 lead over And Brunt from just outside the corner of the penalty area sends the ball low and hard across goal and in at the far A goal from open of all Brunt celebrates with Oliver after scoring the fourth for Northern Now himself showing some scoring a lovely second goal for in where now 0-2 scores the second for have In their own crosses low and hard from inside the penalty and get out of the way before the ball hits his shin and flies into the net. 0-7 3-1 Peter with the latest for the home side. Serge has got himself a a lovely chipped have given up on marking and volley nestles inside the far 0-6 that flare explosion in 2016 Northern 3-0 set and match for the Northern and from another set piece. A corner from the right this and meets it at the near and from following his eyes after he makes contact I think it went where he wanted it to go at all I think he was trying to angle it across goal but that matter as it flew absolutely perfectly into the top corner at the near And Hector has put 5-0 up. not sure are going to come back from this. Hector scores past Goal for And their nightmare night is looking sunnier It should have been mind. a cross from the right towards who was half a yard offside. The keeper runs into fumbles the ball and turns it celebrates with teammates after scoring his goal. Images Another good chance for in Northern and it falls to who takes a touch on the edge of the opening up space for the but then spoons it over the bar with his right England lead heading in and are 4-0 up in scoring from a cross. The v game was stopped for a while as fans threw flares onto the Game stopped in after a flare exploded right in front of back on. Almost 10 minutes of interruption in best moment of the 2016 And within two another free this time from the left and crossed by and comes I think off on its way into the heads in to score the against Goal in And have They won a free 25 yards out or takes it and the ball flies straight to the spot that should really have been occupying if he headed off in the other direction for little obvious Great save from first proper chance of the game ends in frustration as effort is saved. Two more has given a 1-0 lead in and has put the 2-0 up at home to And England run down the other end and Sterling runs down the left and tees up an overlapping whose cross is headed in by an unmarked miss a fabulous chance moments into the second shooting and then moments later a shot from an excellent position is blocked by Stones. The players are back out in More action on its An email from has scored 9 goals for Northern as a he notes. scored once for in the same period. I may not be the only one to find this statistic slightly It is indeed though at this rate will soon be a specialist international striker as well. And the whistle has now gone in thanks to that Brunt injury the last of the games to end. be back shortly for half two. have another goal disallowed for the disappointed goalscorer this but there was no doubt about that one. now half time in is running about with all the poise of a Guardsman lost his horse but I think actually touched a ball reports watching the action at the where the score remains goalless. defender fouls Jimmy at the Images have put the ball in the back of the net but this time strike was disallowed for which he seemed pretty unhappy about. Goal for Northern Again it comes from a set delivery from the free kick was and heads in at the far Double The 36th minute have broad goals in where penalty has put the home side 2-1 up against and in where Martin has given the hosts a 3-0 lead. Northern are absolutely dominating their game. There been a lot of clear but attacking pretty remorselessly. have been made to wait for goal but the wait is as run from deep picked out by a short pass and pokes into the corner from 15 yards.

Hundreds of drivers have not been paid this week and have been told they will have to wait until next week to get their which is already facing legal claims from drivers who believe they have been wrongly classed as said drivers in and a number of cities outside had been affected by what it said was a banking spokesperson an error by the bank has meant that payments due by today were delayed to a very small proportion of drivers who use our We immediately contacted the bank about this and they have already the payments to arrive by We have contacted everybody affected to explain what has happened and offer our sincere facing hundreds more claims from drivers for back pay Read sent an email to drivers telling them they would receive payment on but some drivers claimed they had been warned that their money may not arrive until next their weekly some drivers said they would be unable to pay bills or buy petrol in order to work over the weekend. Others had incurred bank because direct debit payments had gone out of their bank without cover from their expected driver I am unable to get payment then I am left with half a tank of fuel and then I am out of a branch secretary at the trade union who was involved in a high court action against over the employment status of it is not beyond the wit of man to make a payment in a prompt fashion. How do they expect people to cover Are going to compensate drivers for the extra expenses they on on via on on on on on this content

In the it took less than 24 hours for Silicon Valley to start making nice with a full the tech industry had collectively railed against the and tenor of candidate displaying a political consensus so strong that the only public Peter became the target of a shunning campaign from industry insiders. Even the generally apolitical Mark rebuked Trump and his voices talking about building Peter faces Silicon Valley backlash after pledging to Trump Read on night had a new message. read the tag on a photograph shared of himself and his infant daughter watching the election returns. In the he wrote that the world we want for our was than any The accompanying displayed happy eyes and an eager grin. was not alone in his change of in the tech community are willing to work with Trump to help those who need it tweeted venture capitalist and erstwhile Trump critic door is Amazon who said in that behavior chimed in with a note of to I for one give him my most open mind and wish him great success in his service to the Silicon Valley can do business with a businessman in the White House after all. trade and made various statements during the campaign that suggested a Trump presidency would pose a direct threat at the tech industry. For an industry reliant on immigrant his xenophobia was anathema. He called out over the hiring of foreign workers on visas. He told Apple that it would have to build its products in the then called for a boycott when the company stood up to the in its quest to force the company to unlock one of the He hinted that he might go after Amazon for its growing monopoly in telling Fox News that has huge antitrust vehemently opposed the which was supported by a large coalition of tech industry lobbying who wrote in a letter to congressional leaders that the trade deal would borders open to the free flow of provide a strong and balanced intellectual property prohibit data localization requirements and other barriers to digital and protect trade among many other Twitter Trump has told Apple that it would have to build its products in the US. also displayed signs of a dismayingly poor understanding of how technology actually with bizarre debate comments on warfare and his statement that the review 650,000 emails in eight with Yet despite his antagonistic exchanges with the technology Trump has also put forward decidedly ideas that could be quite welcome in Silicon Valley. transition website states that reform is cornerstone of the Trump and promises a moratorium on new a review of old and the cancellation of many executive orders. He has also promised to lower the corporate tax rate from to not to like for deputy director of the National Employment Law suggested Trump should fulfill his campaign to assist working people by taking on passing risk away from themselves and onto the back of workers and illegally calling them or independent a practice at the core of of successful gig economy companies like and Handy. But that approach which would involve serious regulatory action by the Department of Labor does not seem likely from any Republican rhetoric notwithstanding. all white men who are saying that. They have nothing to director of the Trump the argument of contractor v employee falls more on the side than it does under a said a venture capitalist with anticipated both opportunity and potential danger under a Trump administration. apparent eagerness to set off a trade war with China could be damaging to consumer electronics companies like which rely on manufacturing infrastructure and as well as the global supply chain of manufacture a phone overnight in the United he said. is a dangerous game to New tech other Trump promises might create new markets ripe for Silicon favorite form of disruptive such as his plan to deport millions of undocumented some of whom form the bulk of the agricultural labor force. That might create opportunity for the said. they really are serious and farm labor gets then anything that automates labor is something that is going to he said. Clean energy technology may be a given enthusiasm for and fossil fuels. value proposition of anyone trying to reduce carbon dioxide is going to be he said. Twitter campaign stops in liberal were met with protests during the election. if Trump ends up being good or at least for the tech many people who work in the industry are feeling less sanguine about the a former director of Code for and of the questioned how people in the realm of could continue doing their work under does it mean to be building tools that make an authoritarian dictator government more she asked. do you continue to do your work to make it easier for people to do their immigration paperwork when Trump is threatening to deport DREAMers of undocumented means they care about expressed dismay at the conciliatory tone of tech industry as did the director of engineering at Slack. is striking a softer he said. you have to worry about stop and you have to worry about being you have to worry about being all white men who are saying he added. have nothing to who is suggested that the Trump presidency might cause Silicon Valley to lose highly skilled workers not only by stopping them from immigrating but by causing some to emigrate elsewhere. Silicon Valley investors call for to secede from the US after Trump win Read I am reconsidering what my role is in the United he said. am exploring all of my options because I like living in and right now I am living in fear. Living in a country that afraid of is not something I want to do. Maybe that feeling will maybe it will but how I Of in addition to highly skilled visa the tech industry also relies on an industry of service sector many of whom are immigrants as well. whole team is said a immigrant who works in the cafeteria at is going to make things horrible for all the a but worried that if something happens they will take it said said that she had overheard several employees cheering the Trump victory at work. were really happy and I felt she what it means for me is that they care about elections on on via on on on on on this content

Guardian contributor 11 2016 We're out of here. But to the person who asked which one of our albums we enjoyed making the most without a Revolution Radio is the album we enjoyed making the most. We are stronger than and ready to play amazing gigs for all ages to enjoy. Thank you yours Green Guardian contributor 11 2016 We do a secret handshake. I can't tell you because have to kill you. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Sex with music Music with sex Is there a Listening to sex and playing music. Guardian contributor 11 2016 John He looked like he could eat. And Khan. Guardian contributor 11 2016 In fact all the people in Bill and Excellent Adventure. It's fucking that movie. Hill Guardian contributor 11 2016 I love the festivals in the The are so much louder than That's what I love about it. Guardian contributor 11 2016 No casting has taken yet. But we're pretty sure the lead role will be played by... wait for it... Guardian contributor 11 2016 The we just wanted to make a mess. By playing music that's our inspiration. And listening to pirate radio. the best thing I can do for this country now that elected someone as terrifying as so angry and want to find a peaceful outlet for that anger. Rage and always. Guardian contributor 11 2016 You can start by giving someone a hug. That's good enough. Nick Guardian contributor 11 2016 Forever Now. Because it's It's a whole lot of awesome. fan of Green especially the classics from that must be the most played album on my have a lot of respect for you but I have to how can you endorse a candidate like in the US presidential Given the numerous examples of her corruption and in the leaked emails from the and John her support for US military intervention in foreign her being funded by huge global bankers and her view on gay marriage. She seems like the for Green and I see why you support a third party or independent candidate that would at least try to do good by the people. Guardian contributor 11 2016 I voted for first. is not the president of the she has to own that. The bigger problem is and how you deal with fascism. Emails are obsolete. had a fascist president for three days I don't know how to deal with it yet. Guardian contributor 11 2016 like to win an Adult Video Network I would like to have a comeback album after we die. Our best album will be released the minute we pass. That would be neat. Not just put it out record it after we die. That's optimism. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Keep it and willing to sound like shit before you sound Party after the not before. Hill Guardian contributor 11 2016 That a very good juggler. Guardian contributor 11 2016 That it hurts when I That you should always carry hand Guardian contributor 11 2016 Our intention was to play music for the rest of our lives. I don't worry about what other people think of we just want to make great records and tour the and that's how we felt during just as with Revolution Radio. Guardian contributor 11 2016 We accept anyone who feels at any Green Day event. Period. Especially if you're gay or or of any nationality. Period. Green Day is a safe place for you to be. I think it's a problem that we have to face every and we have to do whatever we can to fix it. Guardian contributor 11 2016 Energy by Operation Circle Group Sex. No Means No Which record... And Comes Alive. And Revolution Radio by Green Day. Guardian contributor 11 2016 At a show in a fan jumped off a 20 foot tall balcony and to the stage. It was fucking It The crowd caught it was crazy. A friend who was a said he couldn't do it better himself. And then played the song Knowledge on stage with on guitar.

Privacy human rights campaigners and former US security officials have expressed fears over the prospect of Trump controlling the vast global US and surveillance administration for being too complacent after the 2013 revelations by the and making only modest concessions to privacy concerns rather than carrying out major legislative changes. The concern comes after dismissed fears for his safety if who called him spy who has caused great damage in the was to strike a deal with to have him in a video from with a tech company on said it would be to the prospect of Trump doing a deal but if personal safety was a major concern for he would not have leaked the documents in the first wanted by the US on charges under the Espionage found asylum in in 2013 but his visa is due to expire in Privacy and human rights campaigners in the US and say a Trump presidency will tip the balance between surveillance and privacy decisively towards the former. The surveillance agency is so tied up with often doing work on its it could find itself facing a series of ethical the campaign Trump made an ambiguous remark about wishing he had access to surveillance powers. wish I had that he said while talking about the hack of Democratic National Committee emails. that would be administration introduced a few modest concessions to the privacy lobby following he left the rest of the surveillance apparatus untouched. His approach has been to offer a modicum of much of it forced on him by the in place of national security officials prepare for major shift in US policy Read White which would not comment for this has no evident regrets about that approach. The administration believes it has set an appropriate balance between intelligence authorities and civil and expressed confidence in intelligence professionals who will continue to serve in the and under Trump to act others are less convinced. have been some people who were complacent about things like drone killing of US civilians and mass surveillance under because they trusted him. That neglect on their part is about to come back and possibly bite all of us in the said Nick the executive director of the Calyx a technology focused research group that promotes encryption lawyer who works for the Civil Liberties danger of the aggregation of executive power we have seen over the last decade is that we might have an executive who is not worthy of that trust. This has been a trend in the US but there has been a weakening of constitutional oversight during the growth of the national security think many are waking up to the fact we have created a presidency that is too a former state department official who became a reluctant in warning of and Bush could have set the best possible privacy protections in but the trouble all set by executive not Trump could revise the executive order as he pleases. And since all done in unless you have someone willing to break the law to tell you that it not clear the public will ever learn it did. Consider that even the people still do not know how much data on US persons the actually an who predated offered an equally bleak assessment. He electronic infrastructure is fully in place and ex post facto by Congress and executive orders and ripe for further abuse under an president. History is just not kind here. Trump leans quite autocratic. The temptations to use secret surveillance some still not fully will present themselves to him as specific surveillance measure Trump proposed on the campaign trail was mosques and keeping a database of grave concern we have is that his rhetoric is going to be perceived in some corners as a green light for unfettered surveillance activities. Our concern is not just about the but also the The exactly have a great record over the last 15 said the president and executive director of the civil rights group next over the powers will come late in when a major surveillance law permitting collection of international communications is set for the legal basis for the Prism which siphons information from the technology giants. Twitter What will be the first actions Trump takes as government has made even fewer concessions to privacy campaigners than the US. The parliament has passed the investigatory powers due to receive royal assent that basically the illegal activities exposed by in where public support for is at its parliament last month approved legislation that ostensibly increases oversight of intelligence agencies but which privacy campaigners claim expands their powers. executive director of the Open Rights said the and worked closely together. that the operations are nearly it makes it incredibly hard for the to resist using our resources for risky or even human rights abuses election ought to remove the complacency have been suffering a human rights people should be especially the and act so and intelligence is shared so that any increase in surveillance under Trump will undeniably touch upon the privacy of to documents released by now years out of date as technological advancements have the vacuums daily records just of cellphone locations. In it was collecting an average of text messages every its partnership with it has access among other including pornographic material. collected such imagery from 1.8 million Yahoo users in a period in 2008. on on via on on on on on this content

NIGHT you say they warn us. fixture really does excite people. the fixture which will capture the roared back when the draw was made last a very fierce rivalry with and beamed that whole of and England will look forward to the Well look forward no more. Or at least hardly any more. Fully 475 days after the names were plucked out of their respective This is big. all know how big the game bloated Harry but readers based ignorant perhaps of the unique political and historical significance of this special may need some assistance to understand precisely how gargantuan this fixture is. And The as is here to help. scavenged the best interviews which may not be much but is as close as we get to proper reporting to let the experts reveal full significance. a huge we beat about the bush on this one. This is so big and so whoops very a bit of a game people might remember for years to come. Without a shadow of doubt games like this are the reason involved in the game. the beauty of to be involved in big England v is the beauty of football. Let that sink in for a moment. But not oh pitch for England post adds edge to encounter Read called it monumental moment and one I am looking forward to and excited about and before get much bigger than this there will be a little more fire in the who will be lining up against him in said is a massive revealing that you look at the history of the not a normal Jack was a lone dissenting saying only that a big said who became captain of Team Massive by insisting it a massive and that victory be a massive that return will also a massive because a massive Other members of Team Massive include potential England a massive and big a massive and his a massive game for Former captain says a huge game for and equally so for while former future England manager reckons will be a big game and looking forward to we all. this moment. There are only a matter of minutes remaining in which we can bask in the sheer wonder of the elephantine encounter that towers mightily ahead of us. Because once it kicks off be forced to face up to the manifest of the two and then in 580 time the 2018 World Cup will kick one of these teams will be knocked out in the group the other be there at and have to come to terms with the fact that the game was pretty much irrelevant all ON BIG from for hot coverage of England 2-1 while will be on hand for World Cup action. And then at Graham Parker will be in the saddle for 2-0 OF THE was always confident that this would be the case as there was no evidence against a criminal inquiry has been opened into a single suspected case of bribery following the investigation into alleged corruption in football. But not against A SECOND basks in the orange glow of its new status as The Country That Jiggered Itself Even More Thoroughly Than attention now turns to see if its called football because played with your was actually its original are too many breaks in well baseball is just JUST CALL IT FOOTBALL team can restore some national pride with an epic victory in World Cup the country can forget all about the deeply racist rhetoric that has spewed from the maw of its as team face checks the fixture Ah. But fear because reckons everything is going to be just fine. worldwide connects people purely a sporting he suggesting he may have missed that weekend in Still whatever happens off the it should be a cracker on it. The game will be played at a venue at which have never lost to Or anyone come to think of it. hopes are embodied by New But Actually while have become more if a little less passionate than they were under under the leadership of we forget about the 7-0 smacking against last may want to win this one going to be a long and tiring away trip if they have to climb over that wall. Speaking of which Twitter on. John wants to keep the politics out of the v match Bits and So what does he do if get a on the edge of the Dale Town seen several directors of football over the But none of these would even get close to licking the boots of our new Tactics Quote of the Big Cup winner of the 2012-13 Premier League Group and true visionary of the game. With his tactical nous and keen eye for this season I expect nothing less than an inaugural Golden and a County Ground touchline littered with the endless reams of flipped pages. And for those cynics who think this appointment has anything to do with once being chairman Lee and best man the headmaster I be one of 1,057 to express my shock and heartbreak that The Fiver has a Imagine how bad their 2016 is no I be the pedant to point out that canal boats are not particularly narrow ply their trade on other parts of inland waterways such as the Grand Union which runs roughly along the line of the motorway from towards then rivers such as those that link the Broads are wider than most canals and do not have locks which are even narrower than the canals which do have if The mind was as narrow as a it would be as narrow as a narrow thing on a very narrow Peter 1,056 pass up a chance to watch explain under a The football team Fiver very rich but has also been very his detractors would have anyone but his loud verbal rants are memorable and he thinks the whole world is against yet he has enjoyed notable success. I wonder why Lord and his United tenure spring to seems too fickle and opportunistic to commit to a particular team. Instead just claim to support whoever wins the league that brazenly denying ever having followed anyone else. at the be Quite fitting I matching own story as an underdog to win against the odds. Of a better reflection of his character would see him down at Park cheering on Firewall Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND are stewing over their 3-0 shellacking at the hands of are more than aware that we have to change a sniffed be giving away any more Twitter call you. is boss hide how chuffed feeling about the return of against not a team on the planet he play for when at his whooped not a biased opinion because a and we all love looking at it clinically. He could play for City still think Bravo and will be available for next trip to Crystal Palace despite both getting knacked on international police say taken extreme steps to secure World Cup qualifier between and I think that is a bad advertisement for on the tooted ambassador Boy la Tour is the first female Professional League president after candidacy was snubbed by the general WANT but do United are on the up and reports and tough love is a big reason why. Joey is one of the worst signings in modern reckons and the should have seen it coming. Twitter again. is back with more positive football on why the Brown double act is unlikely to end ready for an incredibly awkward encounter in writes Graham Parker. flirtation with the England manager role adds a bit of spice to the chicken that is England v writes in not so few about to sign Glen Well The Mill and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND IS A CRACK IN EVERYTHING. HOW THE LIGHT GETS on on via on on on on on this content

going for not often we get to use the word on move but is the day. For sits on one. if scratching your head trying to remember geography classes. Because isthmus defines the place. Here narrows to a pinch the isthmus before stretching out as the a or both origins of name. People used to schlep here for the ferry port. The isthmus was a gateway to other lands. But now moved up the coast to the isthmus seems like more of a lending a feeling of isolation to the low hills suspended in the as close in spirit and history to as to the Isles. On the plus side this is a fabulous place to escape to. Nobody would find you on the edge of the edge about to drop off the accompanied only by kittiwakes and hunkered down amid shops like butchers and takeaways preserved from case against Such isolation is not for everyone. taken some hits since the ferry service moved. Regeneration is but be a long road. The glorious waterfront needs work. can feel a tad Far from the thick of it. to hour 25 and hour every couple of a couple a day to hours 35 90 minutes to an hour and 20 to two hours to the a little more to and or says Education and Castle Academy is mostly out The Central Lodge for to buy is a sprawling low town of cottages and terraces. The has a few fragments of old but is mostly The waterfront has nice stretches up to beyond up to for suburbans. On the is a a holiday resort. Plenty of hamlets like Port to get away from it all. Large and town and smaller town of the week A stunning house for with move to a looker Read the the best of all a rural right by the and a friendly town. Try the seafood restaurant which looks straight up Loch My kids are at the great and very Castle is a lovely day five miles in and the and Join the debate Do you live in Do you have a haunt or a pet If email by next move to on on via on on on on on this content

When relinquished her political dream at the Hotel on her voice barely quavered. She exuded grace and resilience. The woman has a true gift for giving losing of her who began demonstrating on the streets to protest yearned to hear something however. They would have preferred at least a dash of the defiant tone that struck in her famous commencement address. In that she talked proudly about how the women in her class were too young to know what was They were going to reshape the ruling a pledge that remained some her defeat was despite all the polls that showed the White House well within her grasp. She has been under sustained attack from the right since her husband was elected governor of in 1978. No one has been more reviled for a longer period of time in politics. Although she did not run a flawless the baggage from all the attacks proved too heavy and caused the historically low trust and numbers that proved insurmountable. It made the task of the coalition too daunting and depressed Democratic turnout in key battleground states. Twitter concession know her band of critics seized on her overt feminism and her clinging to her maiden name and legal career. In order to calm them over the next 40 there were several name changes to to plain style transformations frumpy dresses to the pantsuits and new of and political sea changes from first lady both and the United to US senator to secretary of state to presidential distinguished service in those posts only inflamed her haters and the constant earned suspicions from the Democrats who should have supported her that she was Her excellent performances in all the debates in 2016 were overshadowed by calling her nasty Her fierce determination to seek the presidency a second eight years after being defeated by in the Democratic was seen as evidence that she was relentlessly ambitious. Her perseverance and resilience were mistaken for power all of this the shadow of phony scandals followed beginning with a losing real estate venture called Whitewater and ending with her private email server. director intrusion into the coming right as was catching a wave of seemed to seal her fate. All of these strands combined to create a literal situation and her final quest may have been doomed from the beyond obvious to point out that almost all of the criticism and rage focused on her was laced with sexism and involved double standards. When she stayed in the went into listening mode and eagerly worked with male Republicans during her Senate got a respite. As secretary of she was subservient so the hate quieted too. Her position as one of the most admired women in the world was restored. But every time she sought the big prize for in 2008 and the hatred and caricatures came roaring back. Twitter Why elected of dollars fortified the movement. Just months after she stepped over the White House threshold as first a conservative magazine funded by the portrayed her as a in black regalia and a pointy hat. Conservative groups like Judicial Watch came after her with lawsuits. She and her husband had dared and succeeded in breaking the Republican hegemony the right had established during the years. Their fury consumed through the failed attempt to impeach Bill of the enemies who delighted in attacking her over the decades worked directly for including Roger Stone dates back to the Whitewater and who came from the newer media News. He was campaign chairman and is said to be a favorite for White House chief of staff. A campaign low was when Trump brought the women who alleged mistreatment by Bill and tormenting from his supposed to the second even more than her incited the anger of what she rightly labeled And no one understood its structure and sharp contours better than her. To arm she did what she always she studied. She turned to trusted advisers for like a journalist who wrote a respected book about the conservative movement and to a turncoat whose journalism had once been funded by were for trying to fight fire with fire and building a liberal armada to fight back on behalf. But she was always letters to expressed occasional despair over the attacks and wearying ethics all of which have melted away without any charges. She told one of her am just so tired of all But she always battled feminist writer author of the famous book also recognized the daunting nature of the fight. Shortly before the she wrote in the New left needs to acknowledge what the right has long that a fiction to think we can move on beyond the brawl of the without settling settling it requires helping triumph once and for all against the calumnies that were created to define as the face of this her name was coupled with and Trump some dressed in orange or striped prison demanded she be jailed even shouted that she be Now that they helped bring about her political they will surely move on to other targets. The endless investigations of will at end. has not said a word since the election about putting her on is hard to be the first woman in any position of but was more than ready to grab the ultimate prize. On in the glass encased her had everything set for even confetti shaped as glass shards. The hardest glass ceiling was about to confetti never fell and at the age of finally faced the cold reality that she see as a student in it was not possible. elections on on via on on on on on this content

Recently I visited my brother and his wife and was left asking myself some questions. Why did he never like What did I do Why is he talking behind my back with relatives at other family Does his wife believe what he Why he accept like he accepts our little whom he loves I think I did anything wrong as a or anything to justify this in my teenage or adult years. Everything I have ever done has been a joke and ridiculous to all my life choices were jokes to family gatherings always the same my brother refuses to talk to me or even to say hello. It always ends with a proof of how great he and him belittling and it is never done as a joke. I feel so humiliated. Why does he have to put me down in front of Why he just like His wife makes a great effort to chat with me and my mum and I make a great effort to try to bond with his she is my only connection to my brother the nice side of him. My mum only wants us to be friends. It is her deepest sadness that we cannot get along. These moments are leaving me in a mess. I have reached out a hand to him since I was a and I always wanted to have the same sort of relationship as he has with our younger brother. I get no result. Do I need to go to these family events just to comfort my a long day of tension that does not end after I go home. It leaves me full of questions that I believe I will never have an answer you have to go to these family events just to comfort your but it sounds as if you would like a different relationship with your solved Read consulted psychoanalytical psychotherapist understand sibling she has to understand it in the context of the whole says that sibling rivalry been with us all of human and all who have siblings have an inkling of what like. You can even have sibling rivalry in the closest of sibling relationships. she often arises in the context of early deprivation. If there is lots of love and care to go things like this situation between you and your get going quite as wondered where your dad was there was no mention of him in your longer letter. The other parent can be greatly beneficial in helping to manage sibling especially when the children are and I wondered where you came in the family and we wondered if perhaps you were close in age and your brother was older than you. He humiliates you and implies you are maybe this is because he had to suppress his own childlike help you with this because you clearly want them to be different we thought it may be useful to turn the situation around and instead of looking at how awful your brother is it may be beneficial to look at things from his point of view. Maybe thinking about your early lives what were your parents like with you what were they like with each other in front of and thinking what life was like for you as small specifically what life was like for him after you came along if you are speculates your brother is projecting on to you a lot of infantile feelings which having to carry for him. Maybe he had to grow up too quickly you were if he was born He humiliates you and implies you are maybe this is because he had to suppress his own childlike in your longer letter it sounds as if the way your brother behaves towards you is very humiliating putting you the way that child siblings are your brother may be acting in this very way because stuck in his childhood relationship with you. brother has feelings he or explains he has converted those feelings into something rivalry has made our lives hell I wait till my son left home Read can you suggests trying to start a with him away from your mother and others. I said a few months ago that sibling relationships can be transformed away from the you email your brother and say something like us to be and at some point ask him what his formative years were if never done this with a sibling it is really This may not work of course. are reflecting the explained may not he does not I would pull back for a while. Find what makes you what gives you confidence outside of family life and put your energies into friends. Be polite to him his wife sounds like she may be your greatest ally That when you do see him you will be more resilient. You can try but remember you can only control your of the relationship with him. The rest has to be up to problems The Kings 90 or email regrets she cannot enter into personal on Twitter on on via on on on on on this content

was something endearingly old school about the jailbreak that brought to mind the robber who achieved notoriety in the by escaping from three high security prisons. Those of us who have watched too many episodes of Toughest Jails have grown used to the idea of the modern prison as a fortress where inmates go to rot until they die. Not so where two prisoners managed to recreate their own version of the Redemption by sawing through their bars and escaping to the street via a series of sheets that had been knotted together. The absence went unnoticed for many hours because they had placed mannequins in their beds to make it look as if they were still asleep. Quite where the prisoners got their files and mannequins from has not yet been made public. The most likely guess is that the files were hidden inside a cake brought in by a visitor and that the mannequins were borrowed from the fashion design rehabilitation a thought for who has been under the impression that the reason he was made a peer in 1996 was because John Major really enjoyed his musicals. has now declared his outrage at being expected to turn up in person from time to time to cast a vote in of the Conservatives and has said he is minded to become a so that he can hang on to his peerage and do nothing in return. In his first 18 years as a voted a debilitating 30 times. Since he has voted a further four three of them on the same when he was asked to fly back from New in a failed attempt to prevent the tax credit cut bill being sent back to the Commons. I remember thinking the noble lord looked especially on that day and now I know he was completely exhausted from being counted. Imagine the cheek of someone giving you a peerage and expecting something in because got sacked for sending around an email on saying it was a good day to bury bad it mean that government departments and other agencies still think a legitimate tactic. So just four of the stories that get the attention they would otherwise have had the media not had their eyes on the US presidential election. the publication of the report into significant failings by the Metropolitan police into the child sex abuse scandal got considerably less attention than it otherwise would. Then there was the announcement of further delays on the electrification of the Great Western railway four sections of the which is already years behind schedule and well over budget have now been indefinitely deferred. Next there was the extra the Ministry of has had to request from the Treasury after a publishing error in a departmental document. Finally it was revealed that of the 700 leads the government said it was following up on from the leaked Panama papers in only 22 people are being investigated. So much for cracking down on the tax years ago today my son was being born in the same St in that last week took care of my kidney stones. Like his sister before he spent the first few hours of his life in intensive care after a difficult birth so I have never taken his survival for granted. I would like to have been able to say that the experience made me value every day I have had with my children even but disappointed to admit that it just made me even more anxious and neurotic than I already was. While some fathers have grand thoughts about shaping the sort of world their children would go on to grow up my own were invariably more along the lines of really hope I screw this parenting business up because not at all sure if I know what the hell I still but somehow the baby has grown up to be a man who now needs me far less than I need him. probably much healthier for both of us that way I was listening to Mutter play the violin concerto earlier in the it occurred to me that if anyone wanted to take out a huge swath of the liberal metropolitan elite the Royal Festival Hall would be a good place to start. bet you could count on the fingers of one hand the number of Trump admirers on South Bank. As a fully member of the liberal metropolitan I am beginning to feel more and more under as for the life of me I cannot understand why white voters should believe that an orange billionaire had their back. But also another thing I quite get about US election how is it that so many of the press have been about the political establishment getting a good kicking while openly joking about Trump being Fair enough to hate the establishment but a narcissistic sociopath the answer to week If it be your on on via on on on on on this content

A schoolboy who has been missing for more than two months vanished after reading Down and Out in and the classic memoir of and living in disappeared from his home in rural leaving his parents a letter explaining that he was bored with his asking them not to try to find him and promising to be back within a year. The teenager left home without his phone or bank cards and had just earned from a job working in a restaurant kitchen which is what did in has been no trace of him since and his and are becoming increasingly worried. Speaking to the Guardian on said was an idealistic boy who liked the idea of adventure and may have been inspired by his older who had both around But she said he had grown up in the country and was not streetwise. was bright and had a strong interest in current affairs and she said. was adventurous. He enjoyed all the Bear survival challenge For the last two his brother has hitchhiked across He extensively into eastern His sister went I think he was inspired by all think that he felt he wanted his own adventure. was leaving for university and he was going to be the last one at home with us. I think he looking forward to being left alone with us. Perhaps he wanted to test prove his She said was an avid reader. book he was reading before he left was Down and Out in and You wonder if that had been an influence. He was reading it on a which he left police have asked us if it is possible he jumped on the back of a lorry. We rule that out. He would have been following what was going on with refugees in Twitter and on This Morning show appealing for help to find their missing Ken has not been seen since he left for grammar school on his bicycle at on 6 His last words to his mother got my fluorescent used to leave his bike at a local post office and get the bus from there to school. When he did not return his mother went to the post office but could find no sign of next day a letter arrived in the post. It mum and dad I have run away because I am bored of my life. Please do not try to find me or make me come home. I know how long I will be away for but it be longer than a year. You will find my school uniform in a bin bag in a small barn in the field on the green down the road near bike is chained to the fence ... Please to the restaurant and tell them that I will no longer be able to work there. I know you will be upset but please understand that I have to do from The letter had been posted in She have no idea happened to him. He left with very little. His letter shows his departure was but he took very little with him. That gives us very little indication of what he had in mind or how he hoped to survive. We know if he had a clear objective in mind or was just going to go whichever way the wind took is very bright. He had just received outstanding grades and started his the previous day at grammar in one of most state 15 you lack emotional maturity. He had read a lot and he had watched things on television and picked up on things he had little direct experience. He streetwise. You worry about how well he would be able to read situations. baffled by the whole thing and constantly speculating on what he may be doing. We believe he has done this so we have to keep an open mind on what he might be doing now. was no row before he no indication. You rake over all the conversations before he left. There was absolutely no indication. the same for his school friends. None of them had any and police have found it difficult to find the teenager because he took no electronic equipment with him and has no bank account. No footage of him has been found. His parents have to towns on the south coast and cities including and to try to find putting up posters and speaking to hospitals and homeless charities. Appealing directly to the his mother please whatever you do just make contact. Phone call us text us. Anything at all. We just need to know you are safe. We are desperate to know you are are asking anyone who may have employed accommodated or who may have provided him with transport to get in touch. Supt are appealing to business likely to be hoteliers and owners who may have had a young man work for them in the last few months or anyone who may have provided accommodation to him in that time is described as of slight build with light brown hair. He may now have considerably shorter possibly If anyone has please contact police by calling 101 or emailing quoting log 255 of 14 on on via on on on on on this content

late wickets have given England a lift Read more Late wickets lift England after centurions and star for Read more local hero digs in for impressive century Martin Read more You wait 100 overs for a wicket from and then they get two in four balls. Having three of them entirely worked so far. At times it has confused a man whose immense Test career is based on keeping things simple. He gave the second new ball to who might have been the first choice from the then took him off after one costly over. He gave plenty of even though he is as befits a The Third Man. And he rather who was more likely than anyone to exploit the one thing this had to offer bounce. in the two wickets have fallen in no and the lid has been kept on the pot for almost the whole day. So maybe Cook gets half the last has been a Test of five which could have been deadly dull. But one thing has kept it apart from the none of the tons has been a big one. On a pitch like you win the match with a baby hundred. Only the daddy will do. But very well played and watching him in person for the first time in a with a fond stoicism that shows you where the patience comes from. Thanks for reading and for sharing your lines by the great The last word goes to take your eyes off the banjo. For read Another The has one job and fails to do to give another catch. 319-4 and stumps. The last five minutes belong to the day belongs to 108th 318-3 A wicket for who has been exacting all day with his extra bounce. is too much for who tickles it to at short leg and departs for 126. the end of a formidable innings and a shot in the arm for the match. 107th 317-2 persists with his audition for The slightly eerie addition to the as an email arrives from... name is bear with him currently sitting in an office in following an inevitable trying to manage my messages checking to see if still the I love his although growing up I had nothing but antipathy towards him as teachers used to laugh whenever they discovered my name. And colleagues. And spouses. a keen poet always resented knowing that should my particularly woeful works ever get me my own name is already and have to change of know how you intend to edit this rambling message for if at all. just to be in exchange with a Thank I barely had to edit the message at all. 106th 316-2 keeps the lid the thread continues with an email from Lee Smith. lines from he but perhaps relevant to other events this week. The song is 105th 313-2 The game has officially gone to sleep. The is a email from Moss in anticipating a fictional conversation between and ahead of the 2005 104th 311-2 backs up allowing only two singles. The moment of truth in this Test now looks like being the third when England have to do what are doing here rise above their weariness and bat with some serenity. More on from Drew. link to but an absolutely moving song that resonates with 103rd 309-2 Alarmed by that flurry of Cook turns to who might have been banking on a longer rest after a fine spell. He restores but even if fall apart they will have saved the and with the game. 102nd 308-2 takes some punishment from both batsmen as drives him for a silky four and lofts him for a swishy six. scored fast enough but they may be about to put that right. 101st 297-2 Broad keeps quiet until he tries a short which is round the corner for four. not that far from who is standing back John joins the conversation about have anything clever to he begins. be the judge of I do heartily recommend this about especially good for people who are down on themselves for having a great idea but followed through on A lovely touch. 100th 292-2 Stokes gets a and plays a nice little chip into the leg side for only a as like has some cover in the cow on from Just the one so we assume from a he an aside to the audience in studied deeply in all the major but somehow optimism kept breaking Sounds like he might almost have been involved a Test match at some point. It is a Oh yes. 99th 291-2 Broad bowls to with the keeper standing up and a man in the deep at cow corner. a and transformation into Mike is complete. 98th 291-2 Stokes continues to try slipping in a low full toss which drives silkily but straight to at cover. Someone needs to make something contender from strangely relevant for uneventful days of Test is from First We Take clearly knew that was a the opening salvo not just of the but of the album Your that changed the course of his career. 97th 290-2 Broad and Stokes are bowling serving up swing as well as their familiar But the batsmen are equal to and plays a glorious flick through midwicket for next line comes in from Wood. who one earlier down under before his ache in the places where I used to of Absolutely one of the great lines of all time. 96th 285-2 At a flash of intent from who drives Stokes for a handsome four and gets a couple of lifters for his trouble. Peter in takes the ode to pitches are going there in and we are very wary after the drubbing we got in We expect the pitch that England have been presented with. Lucky 95th 281-2 Another testing over from who has been very good today in his 100th Test. has 2 from 17 and is determined to turn him into a former leader. 94th 280-2 More good questions from Stokes. An edge from into the gap at second Cook may be ringing the bowling changes but he about to set attacking fields. And finally a single from a tuck to leg. There are still 19 overs to go in can England nab a couple more 93rd 278-2 Broad replaces as Cook reaches for the spice rack yet again. Broad lets have a single so he can attack who remains scoreless but untroubled. 92nd 277-2 Well bowled Stokes. Why is it that more than most can take a wicket by sheer force of treats him with a series of decisive leaves. And beady the score has gone down a mysterious two got added a few overs ago. And drinks. Has Stokes brought England back into the Or will see this as just the platform for the sixth hundred in the And what are your lines from Yet another bowling change brings Stokes back and he does the trick inducing a tired waft from and a catch for Cook at first slip. are 279-2 and England have a glimmer of hope. 91st 279-1 plays another of those delicious swishes of lofting over like a dad on the beach who is suddenly weary of being kind to his kid. 50 off the last ten overs. 90th 269-1 almost persuades to to at leg in what might have been a landmark moment for rookies. three to fine leg and motors on towards a really big one. 89th 263-1 replaces and concedes a few singles. I was going to take this as further proof that Cook had had a personality but then noticed that he had gone off the field and left Root in charge. Whoever is in England are a hungry person having opening every box in the Variety Pack and still not finding nourishment. What next Root 88th 260-1 Tidy stuff from who has done well to go for only three an over. But the new ball got the supposed to make things happen. 87th 258-1 keeps quiet. Over on Surrey point out that today would have been 39th birthday. He was a delight to watch when the force was with him. He is much but I hope and the rest of his family can see some of his spirit in this England packed with stylish 86th 258-1 Another crazy dish from the funky Broad goes off after one and comes on. He is at that stage of a career where a good ball shout for against is followed by a dud for also may be tearing left of his hair out. 85th 253-1 may well end up in the press because he keeps asking the right questions. He finds enough lift to rap on the thigh too high for the but another little moral victory. has 3-0-3-0 in this and 19-5-34-0 in quietly heroic. 84th 252-1 The experiment ends after one pricey and Broad is back. hungry for a hundred of his caresses him to the midwicket boundary with a finesse that smells like And then he goes straight to his hundred by gliding the ball in exactly the opposite direction. Sheer class. We now have five hundreds in the which is quite enough. Can we please have five quick Another feathers Broad wide of the only slip fielder for four. A lovely way to reach a hundred that has been less dominant than but more secure. 83rd 242-1 misses slips in a and drives outside but it swing or threaten off stump. Wakes has been strong the leader of the attack in have an early contender for the very best of lines from Tower of Song are my says suggests that none of the questions have any answer. Which feels very a beauty. 82nd 241-1 celebrates with a classy late cut for four off who has been given the new ball ahead of Broad. The batsmen mind that at as proves by swishing a six onto the rope at for once in his is being too funky. 81st 229-1 did well making work for that hundredth run. And it was who bowled the three helmet balls only three balls that bothered reckons. A new a fresh bowler an crowd and lets a couple go outside before pushing into the covers and reaching three figures at last. This is the first Test ever played in his home and the first watched in person by his who has brought a serene presence and a less than serene polo shirt. Well son. A magnificent effort from a man who was hit on the helmet not not but three times. celebrates after scoring his century. 80th 228-1 A maiden from containing a review so bizarre that it qualify for our Key Event box for against Cook presumably just using it because it was with moments left to the new ball. cricketing references in wonders Rob be some baseball allusions. I will never forget that night I saw him at the Hall. I think it was the night of first election victory and I remember him ending with The line about of the best and the feels appropriate Anyone else got a line or two from begins Haycock. No All the Nope. if Test cricket was a game. This match would be literally pointless right now. if the wicket deteriorates like showing a few signs of we might be in for a cracking fifth day. We might also be in for a but nice to have that comforting this is a true pitch. Maybe too true to be good. it is not the only country where an England team has had an international this week. An entertaining email arrives from Rob Lewis in Turkey. maybe you can sneak this in at a quiet Tea would seem to pass that test. narrowly edged out England on in the middle of Forest in in a really do but the enthusiastic boss Bey bounced into my lesson to announce that we were all going to do some in the forest. ordered in some wickets and a ball from Amazon. As the only ones with any knowledge of the game at the guy and I were asked to pick teams and explain what to it was a sultry 25 we found a small patch of flat and something approximating cricket happened. Balls were chucked at bats were held and fielders slunk round looking for a chance to have a smoke. The park guards arrived to send us packing at one point. But the Turks pronounced cricket to be a great game and the exercise will become a regular event. Keep up the great You Rob. An interesting point from the editor of think I just heard compare batting to says in an email. sure about that. If anyone is a throwback to that era of Test who bats to his own utterly immune to what goes on around him. He managed the big hundreds but the one compare with and others of that assuming Bob not Homer. 79th 228-1 Another as Stokes gets playing down the wrong and then Cook manages to stifle by deploying a field setting that will be familiar to anyone who ever played for the So takes tea on and England have won the skirmish of the last few minutes. But the like the belongs to and the badly need a collapse when the new ball is taken. 78th 227-1 gets tied down by and but survives. Well bowled Mo who already has a hundred in this match. 77th 227-1 who was expensive comes back but moves serenely on. 76th 224-1 Another classy cut from off this time. Again it reach the but the batsmen have found their bustle. Here comes Stokes.

My family may be but I have always been a and I officially registered for the party shortly after my 18th birthday. The first Trump rally I went to was in Las last year. The crowd was joyful and people were singing and and when Trump got up on stage all eyes were on rally and ensured I did everything possible to get Trump elected. My father and his family are from and my mum is half so I joined for My whole senior year of high I volunteered countless hours for the Trump making phone speaking to knocking on doors. I researched issues faces such as our and policies I feel are failing including Trump has promised to tackle these issues head on. Trump will be great for by bringing jobs and investing in inner cities by lowering wants to repeal to achieve a cheaper service. A more free market in will increase competition for consumers among insurance and ensure that our prices will get lower. He has also said he will renegotiate the North Free Trade Agreement and make sure is not put in place. He has be talking about our terrible trade deals since the whereas has voted in of every one of these disastrous deals that have cost media has tried to suggest are all against but a chunk of us cast votes for him according to exit polls. Many of the comments Trump has made about such as calling them have been taken completely out of context. He has only said a certain portion of illegal immigrants coming across the southern border are committing which is surely true. Twitter In his book Crippled Trump talks about his certainty that many illegal immigrants in are but with the US in its current state we have to put first. There are more than 3 billion people in the world who live in poverty. The US help every single one of them. We have to focus on feeding the 13 million starving the single mothers who under have gone into and our veterans who have lost their cares about our wellbeing and our future. He wants to lower taxes to make it easier for working families to make money and start and he wants to help stimulate the economy and create more jobs which will tackle all these issues. how he won over the middle and working classes. When he first announced he was he said he would be greatest jobs president god ever I was walking in a local mall and spoke with another my age who said she necessarily against Trump but just unclear of his and trust the negativity about him in the voters in their own country split in two and at rock Read talked about his policies on trade and bringing jobs and she agreed with him that we need to get big money out of politics. She had supported but said she would look more into Trump. Those are the policies that have appealed to people like desire to deport illegal immigrants alarm me. It needs to be done. He wants to deport stop employers from hiring illegal immigrants by implementing an system system that allows businesses to determine the eligibility of their employees to work in and only then push those left towards a path of Throughout his campaign Trump has said many times that he loves and that are a major backbone of this represents the ability to be straightforward about life and to be passionate in everything we do. He will be great for my community by bringing jobs investing over in inner cities where a lot of minorities live by lowering and through improvements to education which is a major issue in our community. He wants to end Common Core the educational standards initiative which dictates what students must be taught and give the power back to parents and teachers to decide how children are educated. Twitter In has offended many because she supported policies that have taken jobs away from the and risked national security with a vulnerable personal email server that could have been hacked. For 30 years has been part of the putting money before citizens. No wonder so many vote for an 18 year old from a living in a small town close to Las Trump gave me the chance to intern for his campaign. It has transformed me as a person. On the occasions met him he has treated me like an equal and listened to every word I have said. I want to become the first president of the United and the way Trump has stuck to his message no matter what has inspired me beyond words. All can agree we want a leader who has our best interests at heart. Trump was elected on the basis he would put first. sure that people will unite behind his presidency when they see that followed through on his elections on on via on on on on on this content

As the North Soccer League gears up for its championship final between New Cosmos and Eleven in New on Bay Rowdies owner Bill has warned he is poised to take legal action against the alleging ties to how a small stadium became a fortress for US soccer Read a real estate investor based in St withdrew the Bay Rowdies from the last instead opting to play next season in the United Soccer a competition featuring smaller market clubs and Major League Soccer reserve told the Guardian his legal action will be based on ties to Traffic a sports marketing company where two and pleaded guilty to corruption charges resulting from the 2015 investigation into and the confederation. dirty money in and clean money said who bought a controlling interest in the Rowdies in 2013. situation involving Traffic Sports and its involvement in the league has not been resolved to my claims his Rowdies team was to participate in the whose management at that time included an who acted as the board chairman and also took a role as President of Fort another team. was suspended by the league when the indictments were made would have never joined at the time had I been aware that Traffic Sports and and were involved criminal said league management at the including made material misrepresentations and omissions regarding the integrity of the league and its financial legal action will serve as a blow to a league already facing significant challenges as its season reaches a climax. Fury will also leave the for the next while United will make an upward move to Major League Soccer next year. Financial question marks cloud the future of Fort Strikers and The politics of soccer in the United States is pretty volatile at the moment and has to work through some Cosmos led the 2009 relaunch of the when he convinced several teams playing in to join a new version of the league. Traffic handled the new business activities and funded the Fort Stars and The suspended its relationship with and Traffic when the allegations were made public but according to a relationship to working for Traffic had worked at a sports marketing firm that subleased office space in Trump Tower in from Chuck the who turned witness and pleaded guilty to wire money laundering and tax pleaded guilty to racketeering conspiracy and conspiracy charges in federal court in last the 20th conviction by the Department of Justice connected to last have stressed to the league the importance of separating itself from Traffic Sports and the corrupt criminal enterprise to no said. never wanted to leave the I fought for two years to clean it up. I get enough cooperation from the league and at the end of the day I was basically forced out. I in all good faith be involved in a league in the condition it is records obtained by the New Times last year revealed that the ownership structure is divided into stakeholders team owners with voting including Traffic and for other stakeholders that have invested money in the league. Traffic Sports is the majority a conference call with reporters on commissioner Bill declined to clarify relationship with Traffic claiming he did not want the subject to distract from resolved almost all the relationships Traffic and what is left will be settled soon was his only comment. The Guardian also asked the league to clarify the nature of their relationship with Traffic via email. The declined to comment. Twitter celebrates with his Cosmos in a game at Giants Stadium in 1977. Focus On has long been the wild child of pro soccer in North The name was initially used for the first truly national league that operated from 1968 to 1984. The story is well late New 73,000 fans at Giants Stadium. That league shut down in 1984 when only two teams wanted to relaunched the with reborn versions of New Fort and Bay Rowdies. The league was eventually sanctioned by the US Soccer Federation after significant political wrangling as North second a tier below Major League season saw 12 teams participate in the league including the Islanders and Next Deltas will join the are not the first league to go through growing said Commissioner in an interview with the explaining the current instability. elevator pitch is that the has a low barrier for and a lack of regulation comparative to which makes it a less complicated investment for any party looking to put money into North you can overlay the population of the United States over western soccer countries you would have over 150 first division he said. we end up with or or 60 professional clubs all in this the opportunity is massive. I think it is too early to tell where it goes but over time we will see how big we get. It is a little early to start writing the final chapter of this league when we are just getting optimism is shared by Peter a soccer industry veteran leading a bid for a team from to join the potential for the team to be a really big deal. It could be a game changer for the said who launched Fire for in 1997 and in 2013 oversaw the launch of which will play for the championship on is it would attract other big change the dynamic of and get it to be the type of league that all the investors dreamed it was going to be. If the deal come then that is one less chance for the league to make that Eleven are an success noted for their community engagement and drawing crowds of around 9,000 to home games. Wilt is also an advisor for Club an investment company with a specific interest in professional soccer teams and claims unparalleled interest in investment in the have never seen anything like he says. see the soccer boom is finally here and want to get in on the ground floor at relatively low cost with an immature product and market that is going to challenges are and the plight of the New who have dominated the since they entered the league in may be a metaphor for the league. The team is owned by a in a partnership with a sports and entertainment as well as World Sport a powerful sports media and marketing company based in founded by Cosmos chairman have a sponsorship deal with Emirates and in recent seasons has included in their Real legend international and 2008 winner and star matches are played at University on Long in a stadium shared with the football and lacrosse but Cosmos will host the final at Stadium in Queens is booked for a university event this weekend. Stadium has a capacity of 2,168 and its field is built on top of a parking is no doubt that playing at has hurt our growth said Cosmos chief operating officer Stover. The club has been frustrated in attempts to build its own stadium in the New seem to get to the finish line with our stadium proposal and then get pulled back for one political reason or another that is not explained to says the Cosmos board and its ownership is committed to the even with current challenges. The truth is with shutting the door on a third New Cosmos has little said was going to die 15 years Stover said. is loads of money coming into soccer in the but there is not a structure that everyone agrees on. Without an accepted you are going to have differences of opinion and and it is not always going to go the way or or US Soccer wants. The politics of soccer in the United States is pretty volatile at the moment and has to work through some things and I think anybody knows what any of this is going to look like in five equally possible no one knows what any of this will look like after legal action from Bill and the Bay Rowdies. The scandal had long arms that reached all the way to lower leagues in North spend a lot of money joining a league and then leave it and spend more money going to a different unless of course there are issues that you said. believe they can clean it up. You clean something that is dirty and make it clean. of you get rid of the on on via on on on on on this content

digital artist Molly latest book project was borne of but not in the way you might the multimedia artist noticed her photos being removed from for violating the community she teamed up with and artist and put out an open call for submissions of photos banned by the network. The resulting the book or it is due out early next year. Their subversive project is interesting for its range of imagery banned images include everything from nipples and pubic hair to a woman wearing a and holding an Despite building a name for herself in the art world largely through networks like and Soda says that she regularly thinks about the fact that those platforms have her career interests in mind when designing their feel like as an necessarily owes me Soda explains. willingly using these social media platforms but the has set itself up in this guided and streamlined way where everyone follows these rules in order to facilitate whatever it is trying to promote. these platforms are huge corporate entities with an entirely different set of interests I think many the reality of what dealing including as the economy is this nascent tension between big platforms like and and the creators that provide them with content comes into focus. Platforms need users to create content which elicits the kind of engagement that is attractive to advertisers. Users need the platforms to reach wide audiences and potential revenue but they want it without fear of censorship. since few brands want to be sandwiched between racism and up to platforms to figure out how to find the sweet spot of policing their networks without prompting frustrated creators to move on to their competitors. Laura is the executive director of the Creators which was formed earlier this year to represent the interests of creators to big companies. She says that one of the primary ways this tension manifests is through opaque user or the lists of rules which outline what content is liable to be removed or In response to criticism around content last month publicly admitted that global standards for our community is and announced that they would be more items that people find or important to the public interest even if they might otherwise violate our In weathered a backlash from many high profile creators when it tweaked its notification process for content that is deemed spawning the explains how the controversy perfectly displayed both sides of the debate. guidelines themselves are very broad and are being enforced by an algorithm without a lot of clear information about what is looking people think it has to do with and but not known exactly how it explains. easy to understand why the guidelines have to be broad. It is platform and they need to make it a safe space for brands which is a huge part of going on notes that compared to other more impenetrable social networks like has been reaching out to creators and nurturing them. Though sources say it would be unlikely for any large to outline their exact criteria for content removal because then be easier to thwart a spokesperson for contacted by the Guardian pointed to an example of a recent announcement every creator who has joined the partner can get answers via email from a real person at within one business to give a voice to sexual abuse survivors Read our policy of videos due to concerns recently improved the notification and appeal process to ensure better communication to our the spokesperson went on to say. are the lifeblood of and totally committed to ensuring their growth and a creator who wants to make a living on the without fear of their business model being pulled out from underneath to says across many creators are the need to diversify their portfolio and not limit their business model to one entirely dependent on a single social be it an share model such as or a more route such as prominent such as have spoken publicly about intentionally tapping other revenue which can include direct brand and other to financially underpin their is a journalist who frequently speaks about these trends and helps brands make sense of them as a consultant. She said much of discontent stems from how much the has changed in a short amount of time. There was a time when the was in a way this underground thing are super resistant to change and there was a time when the was in a way this underground said. a network like has grown into an enormous community and business model. As much as people might think is mainstream media her says that watching the evolution of making a living has influenced her career strategy. In addition to her large has a professional background in and radio production and skills ranging from video editing to hosting live streams and event coverage. In a she serves as a kind of poster child for this diversification kind of glad that this is the wave of content creators that on. been a part of this world for so long as a viewer and you get to see people build these says. has been so helpful as but also using my skills in a lot of other ways the best advice I can give to other content creators is to diversify your revenue streams and get out on as many platforms as you can until you find the right formula for Tech and on on via on on on on on this content

Another giant of music has gone and his fans are in were hints that would not live much but in a year that has already taken away Bowie and his death announced via a post on still came as a is with profound sorrow we report that legendary songwriter and has passed away. We have lost one of most revered and prolific the post obituary Read was soon awash in tributes from poets and public figures mourning the loss of a musical giant. The prime sent out two first in and then in other music felt or sounded like Yet his work resonated across wrote. and the world will miss then quoted from one of Hallelujah which took the artist five years to write and has been covered by hundreds of artists most a blaze of every doesn't matter which you holy or the broken across all from to pop to tweeted out their including Peter Hook from Joy Division and New Lily and magical voice wrote has died. Another magical voice folds Take a moment to listen to song Going Home when you can. RIP L and thank Hook God bless. you rebirth my King alluded to his own death in a recent and interview with New Yorker editor in which he talked about his unfinished poems and big change is the proximity to he says. am a tidy kind of guy. I like to tie up the strings if I can. If I But my natural thrust is to finish things that dies aged 82 Read think be able to finish those he continued. who And maybe get a second I know. But I dare attach myself to a spiritual strategy. I dare do that. got some work to do. Take care of business. I am ready to die. I hope not too uncomfortable. about it for New Yorker has published the audio of that interview of the week could get any worse. Thank you for all the things. Rest In RIP of the biggest artist count among their influences. He was a songwriting peer and friend of Bob who told the New people talk about they fail to mention his which to along with his are his greatest genius ... As far as I no one else comes close to this in modern bunked off school to go and see tributes to Read in this month at a session for his most recent You Want It returned the speaking of recent Prize is like pinning a medal on Mount Everest for being the highest was also affected by the writing of in from the album In he me so I can sigh an interview with in the year after revealed the band had attended a performance of his in in 1993. sorry I have spoken to the young he said. are always and I might have been able to lay something on him. Or maybe was also a poet and whose 1966 novel Beautiful Losers was praised by the Globe upon is not dead. He is living in under the name of The thoughts are with the and fans of cherished artist for the Guardian in said the poet deserved as much appreciation as the would still be highly thought of if never written a song in his life but had stuck to writing his tender he wrote. musical career acquired many of his collections were either compilations of earlier poems or collections of lyrics. the writing elevates into that rare pantheon where a lyrics are actually first released in contained classic songs including Sisters of Mercy and So written for his muse and lover who died in this year. Before she wrote an which has since gone viral. come to this time when we are really so old and our bodies are falling apart and I think I will follow you very the email read. that I am so close behind you that if you stretch out your I think you can reach mine ... Goodbye old friend. Endless see you down the life and career in pictures Read was appointed Companion of the Order of in 2002 the highest In a statement at the the general praised him as a whose popularity confirms his status as a ... venerated dean of the pop culture wrote in a in his insight and crippling was a true visionary whose voice will be sorely missed. I was blessed to call him a and for me to serve that bold artistic spirit was a privilege and great gift. He leaves behind a legacy of work that will bring inspiration and healing for generations to too were mourning the including who quoted from song Everybody the creator of hit musical tweeted lyrics from knows that the boat is leaking Everybody knows that the captain when he knew for drowning men could see said all men will be sailors the sea shall free pointed out the auspicious timing of in the same week the United States surprised many by electing got out just in said and comedian comedian and actor Mark had a similar knew when to leave a is elected and dies. knew when to leave a party. He got out just in Ugh. It feels this death. It's making us remember songs like Come Healing which is a good one for these hope last word was tributes paid to legendary latest Read think this week could get any wrote actor Molly Rob experienced the loss of many but never have I seen so many works quoted in their thanked him for quiet the the the wry smiles and the and burlesque model and entrepreneur said he had most sensual male voice of all experienced the loss of many legends but never have I seen so many of their works quoted in their passing. 2016 Sad to hear we've lost the great poet I was such a huge fan. He had the most sensual male voice of all time. photo posted by on 2016 at thanks for the quiet the the the wry smiles and the truth artist who opened for during a 2010 posted a photo of her meeting of my she so sad to hear about One of my heroes. 14 2016 the of this article was amended. A previous version incorrectly said died a day after and on on via on on on on on this content

Every morning before the sun a single mother of two frantically gathers her belongings and sets off for work to beat the morning traffic in If she leave before congestion during rush hour could extend her journey from suburbs towards downtown to three or four hours. in trouble if I leave my house around 6 or says. then arrive at work until nine or and that creates a lot of problems with my manager because supposed to get there by eight. If the government do anything about the not going to get any easier To ensure a punctual a seamstress at a manufacturing that converts plastic waste into reusable leaves her home at every day and begins work an hour later just as the road traffic starts to build as roughly 2 million daily commuters converge on the central business district in downtown of black exhaust fumes hover over the heads of impatient motorists. Cab drivers blast their while pedestrians scurry on to rickety minibuses referred to as by locals that carry up to passengers squeezed tightly together. Only motorcyclists who can skilfully between lanes are able to bypass the congestion. Twitter traffic jams on outskirts. via gridlock typically costs economies billions of dollars insufficient data in developing countries makes it difficult to assess the economic impact on cities such as A recent report by the World Bank measuring the cost of air pollution provides some insight into how congestion affects health. Gridlock causes longer travel which increases fuel use and emissions. In a total of 17,524 died from air a increase from 1990. has struggled with the management of the mobility challenges and rising traffic congestion on almost all arterial routes to the central business director of statistics and information management at Ministry of admits in an email. implementation of various remedial measures was on an basis and not well coordinated. There was the need for a holistic the government of began developing a plan to reduce congestion and overhaul the urban transportation system in the Greater Metropolitan Area which includes and its outskirts. The plan was in collaboration with the International Cooperation Agency and supported by a grant from the South the end of this the final transport master plan is due to be presented to ministry of transport for implementation. The plan seeks to together all modes of transport not only by and traffic congestion and logistic over the next 20 years. Twitter The traffic master plan aims to traffic congestion and logistic over the next 20 years. via current population of around 4.3 million is predicted to almost double by 2035 likewise the number of vehicles on the roads. While increased congestion can reflect a growing economic the potential negative effects low worker more dangerous commuter pressure on road infrastructure and an unhealthy intake of dirty fuel emissions will place a serious strain on the city if it is not addressed is not alone in facing transportation challenges. Nearby the economic capital of is notorious for being one of the most gridlocked cities in the world. But its population is around five times and its economy greater than the whole of so according to associate director for transport planning at the engineering consultancy should have no excuse when it comes to severe a small should be able to manage traffic much says. just been a total lack of foresight. The planners should sit down and not doing this for doing it for the a senior urban specialist with Cities says it is this kind of regulatory neglect that has led to traffic troubles and dysfunctional transport system in knew the population was says. knew we were getting but we ignored all the necessary ingredients and elements for planning our urban space Twitter says the new is on but also too limiting geographically excluding regions beyond Greater from which much of the traffic originates. urban area is impacted by the said. if doing your calculation and you cut out the you might not be doing a very good officer at in says the planners were unable to conduct research on areas beyond the Greater Metropolitan Area because of time and first mass transit bus Omnibus Services was established in 1927 during the colonial period. After public transportation remained largely until the late and early when the government divested itself of assets amid financial mismanagement. This was when the privately run buses appeared to fill the the a significant contributor to has been the most common mode of mass transportation ever since. In the Greater Passenger Transport Executive launched a pilot run of a new Bus Rapid Transport unleashing city buses across several major routes throughout Greater In defiance of president John claims that this marked beginning of a new modern public transport for the operators and other commercial drivers threatened to strike over fears the new buses would force them out of operation. The final proposes building on the new bus network by replacing thousands of with buses that promise to be faster and more comfortable a move that looks set to increase tensions with the existing transport providers. These buses will only be released a incremental to make room for adoption and says is no air pollution sparks health warning Read according to from Cities even a successful implementation of the public bus system will only provide minimal relief to congestion. For sustainable he planners must commit to focusing on tram and subway developments so commuters like forced to upend their daily lives just to get to work. have to envision what kind of city we want to says. we want a city that supports its whose people feel free to move A city where public transportation is properly That is the kind of city I on on via on on on on on this content

do a session with a colleague said at a conference. we can call him. Prior to I had met him at a handful of other conferences in a handful of other cities. Which is a considering I had not been in the long. But I guess what happens when you work in a relatively small field that draws the same crowd to each of its I was confused by his I pointed already been on a panel together. We have lots of shared research interests. Why you do another panel with mean I agree to be on a panel if you were on he said. mean I actually work on a project with you. I collaborate with harassment is rife in but complaining means risking your career Read he think poorly of my Of my speaking He was a senior I even have a lectureship. I asked My wife thinks a he replied. thinks you flirt with I did not I pulled my lower jaw up to reconnect with its I considered this claim. calm I told myself. There might be a reason this who has never met feels this way. Something he has told her has made her think out to ensnare him. Maybe because I smile a lot. This is often commented along with compliments on my because I am not always appropriate I was 36 weeks for I at a routine that I was six dilated. And there I was just walking around with a baby about to fall out of me. I was and posted it on My poor mom had to call me up and can you take down your public All my friends are calling me up to ask about your because when I like I am very obvious about it. I might even I like seek them out. text them for no important reason. Where I come we call this open and honest. Here in the considered very should we cope with That's the wrong question Read what I thought about my revelation how I laughed. I pointed out how silly it was. When we CC hugged me and I thought all was I became concerned that I had perhaps been too that maybe this was a real issue in his marriage. So I via that evening. No reply. I wrote again the next suggesting he bring his family over the next time they were in town. Still no was taken surprised. we Or The penny it dawned on me that I was hurt not just personally but professionally. This man was a senior academic with funding to events in my field. He had the value of my research and had offered to put me in touch with a prestigious editor. He could help me make progress in academia. But instead presumably because I had smiled and been because I censored my every word in his because I had treated him as friend as much as professional contact he could very seriously hurt my have been surprised. I could list for you a score of things that senior academic men have said to me over the past two years that reeked of entrenched sexism. This sort of you take this we need to you to promise to stay in it to the end. of your husband finds a better job I was being but my university refused to protect me Read well that such a big deal. It was just sexism not like it was looks but the problem is that you had so many the most these comments were made by men who have been supportive of my career. But what they say speaks to a bigger professional women are as less important than men in the sexism is not considered a big being overly maternal stifles think academia is more sexist I once to a male academic colleague in my university. not he responded. the got rape culture. How can you compare that to the minor incidents say in the we had Trump as our incoming but how could he Who would have imagined have major implications. Sexism comes in many forms. And it help that men in as are still the top dogs. We turn to them as as as friends. The last of these categories is the place where we least expect to get hurt. But sad to it is often those men whom we consider our those with whom we are warm and open who hurt us the the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education on on via on on on on on this content

Twice a week we publish problems that will feature in a forthcoming Dear advice column in the Guardian so that readers can offer their own advice and suggestions. We then print the best of your comments alongside own boss like me. not sure why and I have given up trying to figure it but it is making my working life really miserable. She undermines me in front of the rest of the interrupts constantly with irrelevant asides when trying to lead leaves me out of meetings I should be included and makes constant threats that I might lose my job or someone else more junior might lose theirs if I do often task. I am desperate to leave but feel so undermined by her and that I feel worthless and useless and unemployable. She likes to remind me that I am lucky to have a job. I have worked there for 15 years but now feel trapped in a vicious circle. What should I you need advice on a work For and send a brief email to Please note that he is unable to answer questions of a legal nature or to reply personally. on on via on on on on on this content

The updates from friends in are a chilling instruction about the world we live in now. Black friends reporting racist street abuse. Trans friends stockpiling treatment medicine before Trump ends the Affordable Care Act. The young women seeking out concerned about impending restrictions on birth control and desperate to head off more punishable future spend a lot of time being harassed on the but never seen the volume of hateful garbage appeared on my Twitter feed in the past two days. worst emboldened with has to face the immediate consequences of its electoral choices. In we still have the privilege of being able to face the cause. While discussions dissolve into furious flurries of symptomatic of feeling terrified and a calm reminder deserves is a word that not only explains that there are complex factors that inform how people are but also how others come to oppress was the embrace of that won it for Trump Read appreciate the overt racism and sexism of message that inspired the overwhelmingly male electorate who voted for the marching the streets of North because excited about his tax plan. How bragging about sexual assault was forgiven by an electorate moved to explosive passion over fewer emails deleted by a candidate than by W Bush is but one neat example of an ongoing sexist double standard. But the significant number of white and the smaller but just as crucial number of who voted Trump into contribute their numbers to the nuanced and difficult story of appeal to an middle and working class displaced and enraged by 35 years of economic policy. I wrote an article about the economic anxiety of working when I was in the US earlier this year. Those stories of low poor conditions and very few protections affect every individual who voted for but they are depredations visible everywhere in an omnipresence that reminds any without independent wealth how insecure their conditions are. In Ken extraordinary documentary series about the Civil the point is made that the majority of Confederate soldiers fighting to maintain slavery slave owners but gave their loyalty and their lives to the Southern Cause in a willingness to defend the status advantage that another oppression provided them. impossible to witness Trump voters scream hate at black and people with disabilities and other minorities without remembering have greater means at our disposal to protect our community from the ravages of than the experiences of our cousins and now our ones suggest. The words need to speak to the working are ringing out throughout the US election postmortem. one thing better than speaking to the working and participating in join a unions are the difference that gives the workforce a comparative comfort that our counterparts in and have. While and Thatcher were smashing the working class in the ours not only held but Bob a former union leader no was installed as the prime minister of this country. While their wages were driven down with drivel about unions demanded and delivered the award wage system which exist in either of those other bargaining through unions delivered the penalty casual loading and higher minimum wages that and the have not had. And for all of this struggles with sexism and other forms of we have an opportunity to fight not only but also its fascist It should be economic misery foments conditions that agglomerate unions campaign for and defend the system does not have. unions fight battles against and keep the gates of quality public education open. They have fought for equal for equal opportunity and for workplace all of which underpin our fundamental belief in its own egalitarianism. Democrats once represented the working class. Not any more Read of these things of been under attack from advocates if still scratching your head as to why the Coalition has been trying to smash the with the legislation for four long bitter now is the time to make the when politicians are unconcerned by strong unions provide the bulwark against exploitation and reason the World Economic Forum reported only of would be tempted to vote for Trump is that the miserable economic conditions that fomented his electoral rage response have not yet yet here. If you want it to go any if you want to avoid the there is an alternative to hate. It is trade elections on on via on on on on on this content

avoid crisis talk after beating as media lament Read more and star for to leave flailing in qualifying Read more it. Coach and make it five straight wins and continue dwelling in their own downfall. There was nothing about this match that should suggest they can do anything against next even if they are at entire squad energized and inspired by as he looked down from heaven delivered a performance that would make the legends of the extremely proud. Before this the last time played in had embarrassed them 7-1 at the World Cup in 2014. they have a new has a lot to think about. Was really the best choice to Where is the relentless pressure or the grit and desire we are so accustomed to seeing when we watch Answers better come fast because a hungry is coming to town. Thanks for tuning in and see you next time. 90 it. win convincingly. A masterful victory. 89 A great ball wide to who finds but just about clear it from the box. who touched the ball in a can only admire at his teammate and the way he leads the really is a sight to behold when he leads his nation. finally gets the ball and dribbles towards the box but deflects wide. 84 hits the post after a great comes out for a great performance from the man. again enters the box but just about clears it. This is truly by and ironically they could really benefit from another manager who instills a lot of grit and But busy managing 81 replaces City fans are going to be spoiled with the things he a great No only 19. 79 close to making 4-0 as he breaks through the center and into the box but his second touch is too heavy and the ball goes out. chanting and going to be a long flight back to 75 There are shades of the old with lovely football. I actually remember the last time touched the ball or even made a significant contribution. look to penetrate box but a stout defense takes it right back. 69 gets fouled just outside the box but nothing materializes. There are 20 minutes left and there is nothing about this match that says will get a let alone come back. look composed and really loving their football. Maria looks exhausted and needs to be subbed. 65 and are just having too much fun right now and like it as he fouls the man. are losing the match and their heads on the process. in complete other is currently beating 4-1 in First away win since 2004. I might explode after done warning you. 59 this time miss and makes it game over as he capitalizes on a cross from the right hand side. This is huge. are losing currently out of the top match is gigantic. 57 this game should be over. once again finds who rounds the he needs to do is score and its over but saves it on the gets fouled by to a great attempt by but its saved by 53 fouls and once has to warn his players to calm down. have taken on the knowing that is rattled. finds but offside. This is biggest being able to figure out how to encourage rapid movement inside the box. 49 start the second the same way they ended the with relentless counterattacking. who replaced draws a yellow card as stop him on the right hand side. Another this time a good ball but be met by anyone. 45 And clearly cruise control for right now as are getting rocked by the counter. all going badly for team. sure will come in the second half straight away. 45 What a great pass by who cuts through the defense and feeds who calmly puts it in corner. Wow. 42 What a great cross by from the left hand and it just be met by who was too slow to react. are finishing this half strongly with all the action in just find the back of the net. John. Ha You know At times you would think that is the case but due to the fact that and push so high up when in possession. I agree with you a special my playing tricks on me or are playing a via email 37 Another for as gets fouled outside the box. This is an almost perfect angle for la but he drives it against the wall. If it carries on like it be long until we see On the takes it all the way into the box from the right hand but instead of delivering a low he shoots it himself and hits the post. 33 As decide to stick to the same plan by sitting until opposition enter their half. drives towards the box and shoots from just outside but it goes wide. struggling to stay onside a problem when you play lone striker. 29 That goal certainly shook who up to that were clearly the better team in terms of possession. has now instructed his team to press higher up the field as plan A has disintegrated. 25 What a goal by The man cuts in from the left hand side and drives towards the box and curls it past the keeper. This boy is on 24 The first real chance by falls to with a great shot from outside of the box and it took a great save from to stop worked so well on the right hand side to find the man and he took a powerful shot that was well met by the keeper. The best chance of the match. 20 The crowd chant every time touches the ball but aside from that nothing much in terms of real chances. An extremely nervy first 20 minutes from both sides. Thank you for the Of no I live in a country where Twitter is banned. Any chance line ups can be written instead of linked Many 16 is playing extremely wide right with playing as the lone striker. This is where the man can usually show signs of fading for as he is best suited to play directly behind the striker in an role. Still nothing in terms of a real chance. 12 beginning to show some trickery but pass who basically falls to the ground to try and stop the dribbling. dominating in possession looking to stay in the final third and actually looking to press slightly hoping to push back to their own box. Maria even touched the until the action has been on the right hand side. 8 has instructed his team to not press until the opposition enter their then counter. gets a yellow as he elbows who had embarrassed him with a nice ball above his head. Things calm down after that and push more better from men. need to be careful with being over physical. 4 begin the first few minutes with quick possession and taking on their defensive waiting to counter. clear will spearhead the with playing right behind free to move from left to right. gets fouled about 35 yards outside of the box and takes a which goes nowhere. 1 And The squads walk out to the stadium and the atmosphere is electric as the anthem plays in the background. by the wearing the No 4 in honor of the legendary who passed away last the anthems are playing and first followed by which is obviously met with thunderous think I have ever seen or so focused. a moment of silence for Next time you hear from me will be The stage is set and players are inside the tunnel ready to come out. a beautiful albeit humid night in forget you can email me or send me a tweet One too many vs 2016 We are fifteen minutes away from Some results from 0-0 is currently leading against 1-0 and and have just started. faces at ET. everyone and welcome to the of South as host in a crucial World Cup qualifier. For theses the road to 2018 has been nothing short of thrilling as only six points separate the top seven teams in the thanks to are loving life right now as the manager has introduced a happier free to express individual talent as well as cohesive teamwork. The Four consecutive victories and top of the on the other hand are heading in the wrong direction and things need to change quickly. has not started well and things went from bad to worse when allotted three points to and as a result of use of an ineligible player when they played against them. and currently hold the final qualifying pressure is on to get something out of this match as they really afford to drop any more points. hope this ride keeps on is ante team is a para contra a 2016

With 60 Minutes keen to rebuild its reputation after the child kidnapping incident in think the last thing they would do is pay for an interview with the man a jury cleared of killing his Tinder date in 2014. But Nine had no such paying Gable about for his exclusive account of his date with who died after falling from his apartment balcony. The teaser for the night show spare the Wright family any replaying in all its horror her bloodcurdling screams before she plunged 14 floors to her death. police who worked on the distressing case are appalled by the media a lot of anger among police about one told the Courier Mail. course we respect the decision to find him not guilty but for him to now do a paid after everything this poor family has been is horrific. It might be legally but for to profit from death is morally There was so much interest in the story from the media that his lawyers had to hire a public relations firm to cope with all the senators and pledge support for Trump Read Trump senators and were two who supported coming out before the US election in support of the Republican said Trump was the bad So when Trump responded to the support from down under and released a statement distancing himself from News Corp tabloids were quick to pick it up. appeared in the Herald Sun and the Courier Mail earlier in the have Trump said. is not the type of company I want to keep I have an image to maintain here. People are free to make endorsements but that mean I have to accept Unfortunately the Trump faithfully reported in popular newspapers as was satire. Lifted straight from satirical website The the trail of the gang Twitter Radio Breakfast presenter meets and Mike Bowers for the more bad news for Radio flagship programs Breakfast with and Drive with are being carved off the ideas network and will be housed in the news department from next year. The top secret project is called for audio current Weekly Beast is and the idea is to get all the radio current affairs shows in one department. Sounds sensible enough but insiders say distinctive tone and style which is more highbrow and leisurely paced than news is at risk. The plan is to produce Breakfast through a central news desk like all other news and current affairs programs such as PM and The World Today. The same fate awaits Extra and Background Briefing. The public may not notice at any difference at first but there are internal fears changing editorial controls to outside of Radio National could change the need to collaborate with News to achieve our stated ambition delivering distinctive current affairs reporting and an internal document said. want more agile staff and resources and greater diversity of content to meet the increasing audience appetite for content anthem Perhaps to prevent staff falling into depression at this time of commonly known as the killing Radio director Mason has come up with a morale boosting exercise called the radio plus With changes to Radio National to be unveiled on 21 the will hopefully give the staff something positive to focus on. Up for grabs are Radio diversity which will be awarded to the person who made tangible progress to advance workplace of ethnicity and and choice for best half hour of is your chance to let us know about the time you get out of the or the time you let an ice cream melt over your because you were so caught up with what you were listening Should you be lucky enough to win one of these the prizes could not be more two conference passes for relevant the option to work in another capital Shop vouchers and a masterclass by a nominated mentor within chief wants media ownership rules even if it helps News Corp Read Corp cuts There are cuts including News Corp which this week announced a further in savings had to be found. According to the media this exercise is going to be a cake walk and will involve a redundancy The chief was a little more telling staff in an email that the cost would include a freeze on new cuts to travel and entertainment of redundancies. Further to our report last week about the pay packets of we wanted to tell you how much the print execs earn but because News Corp is based in the US we bring you those figures. We tell you that got the highest almost double the next highest. took home including in shares and in cash. Not bad for a who presided over a company which dropped out of the and is now in the 101-200 list. The woman in media was Laing on and the average media had a base salary of with short and bonuses of But before you think all doom and gloom in media unless a executive Nine has teamed with regional broadcaster Southern Cross to produce 15 dedicated local Nine News bulletins viewers across regional markets in southern and The weekday broadcasts will feature local news and sport and to produce them Nine is hiring 80 news a source of great joy for regional Leak Twitter The cartoonist Bill Leak is being investigated by the Human Rights Commission for breaching section of the Racial Discrimination Act with his Don Dale cartoon. day someone pops up in support of the cartoonist Bill whose the is waging a war against the Human Rights Commission. Leak and the are being investigated by the commission for breaching section of the Racial Discrimination Act for the infamous Don Dale cartoon and the Oz is furious. This week cartooning peers stuck their heads up in support of seemingly without being prompted by the Cartoonists Association expressed its concern about the investigation. cartoonists have enjoyed artistic freedom for many which has led to a rich and diverse political cartoon they said in a statement. members may have differing opinions over cartoon they the value of protection of artistic freedom under law and throughout the western world. This have been unsuccessfully challenged in courts numerous times. The questions to what effect the is not a can have on cartoonists as protected under section of the Racial Discrimination Act. The merits of any political cartoon should be openly debated in public. Questioning the very existence of whether we agree with them or is not the Weekly on on via on on on on on this content

This guru notes we had a of songs about farming in but now we want to hear your songs that are about produce we also had meat in 2009 so think plant or otherwise have until on 14 to post your nomination and make your justification. Regular contributor who has also set the will select from your recommendations and produce a to be published on 17 is a list of all songs previously picked and therefore ineligible for the you want to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and potentially about the for the Guardian please email with the subject line or make yourself known in the a reminder of the guidelines for us why a worthy lyrics if but for copyright reasons no more than a third of a words. If sharing make sure there is appropriate copyright to others suggestions and add yours to a collaborative you have a good or if like to volunteer to compile a from please email a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of for a previous so and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the on on via on on on on on this content

A mining company paid its workers to attend a protest against state water licensing directing farmers on its staff to don checked shirts and to illustrate the spread of community support for the Hope Group ran its New coal operation with a skeleton crew while transporting the rest of its rostered workforce by bus to the rally outside parliament in on 1 efforts have been in with government legislation passed on opening up a future water for its contentious Darling Downs mine expansion to public submissions and legal mine protected from legal challenges under water changes Read with the support of independent voted down amendments sought by the Liberal National opposition to shield New from a court challenge to its internal company email seen by Guardian shows how the company its workforce to gather maximum protest numbers in a bid to drive home its message to the government that future legal challenges could 700 jobs at the email from the New Hope Group managing included specific instructions about what to wear to the you are a farmer please wear your check shirt and everyone else is asked to wear their hi vis wrote. The impact of New proposed expansion on prime farming land and groundwater is a major point of contention in a current land court challenge brought by a group of local feature prominently among that the Coal Action told Guardian that New Hope had a large group of farmers about 45 that supplement their farm income with their wages form working at the think important that the public understand that not all farmers and landholders around the mine are opposed to the which is sometimes a line pushed by the he Hope decided to keep on a skeleton crew to maintain at the mine on protest day while arranging buses from three locations to take staff and their families to said in the other rostered employees afternoon and night will be expected to attend the activity in as a rostered day if you are rostered to be at work are NOT part of the skeleton we will pay you to attend lawyers stress water risk in final arguments Read not rostered to work will be asked to show their support by released a protest song to the tune of Bob in the included the are the green voices worth more than mine than my my and my Oh and why should some city slickers ever have the of ruining the future of us was spared the prospect of facing future legal challenges to water for its mine after the government passed amendments exempting projects that have already received a land court in the land court challenge to New environmental and mine are complete but the member is yet to hand down a in a statement on said the laws were likely to destroy the livelihoods of hundreds of people by opening up more hurdles for was without doubt the most mine in company now expected another 12 delay in gaining he said. complained that the company had presented the impacts of this legislation to minister Miles. Either he listening or he just Hope Group lodged the original application for stage three in 2007 and has been battling green ever said New Hope supported the objectives of the laws but did not want to studies if underground water for in the land court case have argued that New of groundwater impacts at the New mine is so unreliable that it should recommend refusal of environment and mining The case has also seen the own expert revising job creation figures down from 2,953 a year to 680 net jobs for also question the public benefit of a project that would see an estimated royalties would flow back to the company and a handful of property not to the because of a legal of why mining boom will leave permanent scars Read the email to credited the of submissions from supporters of highlighting the impact that this legislation could have on their for prompting a parliamentary committee to direct Miles to report back on the impact on short term voice is being heard and we need to ensure that all of our voices continue to be heard loud and order to assist minister Miles and the premier to understand the immediate impact that this legislation presents to and therefore all of us we are seeking as many employees and supporters as possible to join us at parliament house on 1 the the company gave its workers a barbecue lunch in the Botanic on on via on on on on on this content

has criticized Trump calling them and screaming an the comedian and actor detailed her thoughts on the people who decided to vote for the reality star over Trump at the White reports live Read who voted for him you are she wrote. are not just misinformed. You even attempt information. You say lock her up and you know something about the word email but what was in the You have no clue. Well tell you if you were able to read this far through the holes in your sheet. They said nothing incriminating. who had been vocal about her support for the Democratic went on to compare her background with dedicated her entire life to public service and got our children health care and education without she wrote. pay his workers. Started a fake college. Ripped people off. Never paid his taxes and sexually assaulted women and on and also explains that under proposed along with other would have ended up paying higher taxes but the support was there because they knew would help those in on can't punch him now he's Read was fighting to take care of you kicking and screaming she wrote. about emails you know nothing about and not liking her clothes or her hair she wanted to protect you even you. Well gotten what you asked for and now you can watch the sky open up. Literally. I am second cousin is Chuck who won his fourth Senate term during this election and is now considered the most powerful Democrat in as he leads the minority. The pair worked together to implore lawmakers to introduce tighter gun is the latest star to come out and criticize the result. has also written an essay to explain her frustration. country was founded on immigration and today the only people that feel that their rights are recognized and respected are white she wrote. want to be I want to support our but what can we take away from elections on on via on on on on on this content

victory in the US presidential election was expected to spook investors after a campaign defined by protectionist rhetoric. Yet on the second day after his election Wall Street investors were in a bullish with the industrial average hitting a record high. The rose as much as 191 points to reach 18,780 by in New while the other two main US stock market the 500 and also at financial betting firm morning Trump was toxic yet now he is the biggest the market has seen in the days before the share indexes rose when it looked like was winning and fell at a hint that Trump could catch her. On 7 the day before the the had its best day for eight months after the cleared over her private email server. And on markets duly plunged in early trading as and investors responded to the shock by the time Wall Street opened for business Trump had made a conciliatory acceptance speech in which he promised to heal divisions and work with other countries. After a volatile opening as investors tried to make sense of the rose on the rose partly on relief at tone and the lack of references to erecting trade barriers or a wall across the border. Trump also rowed back on threats to sack who chairs the Federal Reserve central then looked for opportunities. If Trump was going to be more sensible than his campaign pronouncements then what about his Trump has pledged to cut corporation a move all businesses would like. He has promised to cut back regulation and scrap climate change including abandoning the agreement to reduce emissions. Oil and gas shares duly that the Republicans could ease rules on including scrapping the regulations introduced after the 2008 financial crisis to curb risky sent bank shares soaring. In his victory Trump talked about putting to work to overhaul the creaking infrastructure. These promises sent shares of mining and construction companies companies also rose. Both Trump and talked about reining in charges for treatments but was more aggressive and specific. Tom an analyst at financial advisers said a Trump presidency had created opportunities for investors but that they should prepare for a bumpy plans could well increase overall demand in the boost growth and corporate earnings in the near term but result in inflation further down the line. A typical boom and bust scenario may elections on on via on on on on on this content

TANGO AND v later on reader. We know this because just got off the phone with our bloody gaucho El and he was even more emotional than usual. And not because it clashes with his tango class but because turn to flirt with the notion of not qualifying for the World Cup. Not only that but the match takes place at a cherished venue for all where former manager Diminished accidentally fielded 10 primary school children and in and so much handed his backside on a plate by as forced to chew on it over and over and over plate and all. we took no part in the public but that stop them loving like they love so it is that head coach and villain takes his side to the city for a match which will be first there since that fine fiasco. And El is worried. The main reason being that look good and and he fears an explosive footballing wedgie from a side who are winning matches with a dash of Jaunty which actually translates as Jaunty Beautiful but written now and Fiver Sub even get past the first par so there it will stay. displays are largely down to the fact that they have stopped scoring goals. And then while being back in the fold after his recent appears to be more focused on stockpiling tattoos than his national current predicament. His latest is a sock that look any worse if it was inked on to a slice of back bacon and stapled on to his 10 things to look out for in World Cup 2018 qualifying Read we digress. have a fine team and wounds to not that coach is viewing the match as just a convenient chance to exercise a bit of cathartic pain transferal. fact that is outside the classification zone is not a motivation for that would be small he think of the that we have to make a great match and that we can win. But not that this creates a bad situation for the that is to think a concept beyond The what with our mind being narrower than a canal facing and in their qualification wobble could become a headlong swallow dive off a cliff unless they pull their finger out. So in comes Ah. opted for and because I believe they will be able to keep up the physical beamed when asked about his decision to leave the City striker to contemplate picking splinters out of his tail. played in this position for two years in the because it is there that he began to play. More than we are thinking of the El is thinking of the rival too. thinking that 200 million giddy could fire a nuclear helping of opprobrium his way in the morning unless start to look like they give a flying one about picking up some souvenirs from in 2018. The currency is so be staying up for this with Tin and El mobile number at hand. ON BIG from for hot coverage of 2-2 OF THE think it needs possibly the style of play at sometimes we might need to flip the page a bit. had other offers but an interesting project had a close eye on for four years since I started loaning players to this club It was a club who developed a lot of players who have gone on to Mason and Tactics never fails to talk up his previous and disappoint in his unveiling as director of football. Which also means this. Twitter fans probably would have preferred the Red Bull the true spirit of jumping on the latest I was wondering what The team may Since he aspired to soar like an eagle I assume he is a Palace fan. van pointing out that energy drink provider being Fiver May I be the first of the 1,057 pedants to point out that Fiver mentioned energy drink which in this context is indeed not How I feel about remembering particular details from The Fiver up to 24 hours after wasting my time reading it is an unrelated no was going to point out but then I had a change of heart the point of going on the if all going to do is be Ed your to make The Fiver great again and move away from the repetitive trend of correspondence that has infiltrated The I wish to announce having put it off for a I decided to cut my nails last The Fiver great Was it If 1,056 thought I was inured to the effect of your daily email. But you did it. You managed to make The Fiver grate again. Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager and out got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters AC and co for the latest thrilling of Football Weekly Extra. And Producer tells us there are a handful of tickets available for the Palladium live show on 15 THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND joining Real very happy at especially with Pep he honked. hope to finish my contract then return to has continued his radical England overhaul by naming captain for the says its case for telling to do one over the wearing of poppy armbands is with a and etc and so THE DRAIN THE DRAIN THE keeper says fans should keep a lid on it during friendly with in politics and this is he trilled. is going to try to kick our asses and going to try to kick is out of games against and England with while say bother play and train in a says he only ever gave full hairdryer treatment to players who asked for it. was a lot of myth about he happened about half a dozen times in 27 years. If a player answered me I headed towards them. That was my problem. But I never ruled by have a new badge featuring a bee with four legs doing a wasp impression. clean bee design will help us become more as a buzzed a suit. is not part of the WANT This how much do you know about muted club football has never quite been the same since a momentous reckons Twitter Well worth a read. weeks until the transfer window slams open so not long now before these top Championship talents start feeling flattered about being linked with controversial inclusion and 10 World Cup qualifying things to look out these troubled what could be more soothing than Classic Mill reckons a tough call coming up for West or West or it to did the diminutive Stadium in become a version of the and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social LEWIS TONED DOWN THE on on via on on on on on this content

In Trump will become President of the United States of and the most technologically advanced surveillance infrastructure in the world will start reporting directly to revealed the extent of the National Security domestic surveillance regime in he warned that a new president could rapidly expand its scope overnight with just a simple change of government new leader will be said. flip the say that because of the because of the dangers that we face in the some new and unpredicted we need more we need more and there will be nothing the people can do at that point to oppose it. And it will be turnkey in many other policy we yet know plans for but better safe than sorry. Protecting yourself from surveillance by the but with information security technologies it is possible. In possible to fit the basic guidelines in a like this from the pseudonymous security researcher the use use use full disk use a password use two factor messaging has got a lot easier over the past few particularly with the rise of encrypted such as developed by Open Whisper gold standard of encrypted communications is still an encryption standard first released 25 years ago by While has the of being one of the few encryption systems that the appears to have not developed a workable attack it is also tricky to with few good mobile options and a number of potential usability hiccups which can result in accidental exposure of by is very easy to use. The lets users add each other using their phone before providing a QR code for double checking that no has intercepted the initial communication. Scan each QR and if they both flash good to you can use Signal from then on like a conventional messaging even installing a desktop extension so you can chat on the switching to another is too much hassle or if switching family and colleagues to it is there are good alternatives in the commercial sphere. Both and offer with the latter even using the same open standard developed by unencrypted such as and as well as with an encrypted mode like and Messenger. too easy to accidentally forget to turn on the encrypted or get lazy and stop using it altogether. And definitely avoid email and both of which are sent unencrypted and are easy to once called The Onion is a technology most associated with the Dark Web the shady part of the that hits headlines for being full of illegal material. But the technology was by the US state to help activists in repressive nations communicate freely and effective for keeping all of your browsing out of the reach of prying works by up data into which are then encrypted multiple times to dictate a path through a network of volunteer computers before reaching the final destination. Like a game of each in the network receives the bundle and decrypts one which reveals the instructions for where to pass it on means that the destination server know where the request came and the relays in the middle know neither the user nor the destination. the system is secure from eavesdropping. Tor Hidden which make up the core of the Dark are even more as the destination server is itself a fully configured Tor ensuring the request need never return to the surface web. That means that an observer tell that a Tor user has even visited the site at let alone which particular Tor user. Among the companies running Tor Hidden Services are the Guardian and there are more difficulties to using Tor than there are Signal. For the nature of the network will make browsing more the limited capacity imposes bandwidth constraints slowing while many uneasy about having users who they identify through will block Tor there is more scope for error with Tor. possible to mess up and send some information over an unencrypted connection if you which can provide a fingerprint that an eavesdropping agency can use to you. In there have been successful attacks on which work by flooding the network with fake relay points in an attempt to control all of the middle nodes on a given you are in a country which just elected a populist demagogue you can help counter these efforts by setting up your own Tor full disk is easier than ever these days. On a you will likely have full disk encryption on by default if you are running a recent version of Check by going to the Security and Privacy tab of system preferences and clicking on If turned good to Windows only slightly harder. full disk encryption on by but can be turned on by searching for from the start clicking device encryption then and turning it on. Similar settings are available in older versions of Windows going back to running a version of Windows older than you need to is no longer issuing security updates for your leaving you essentially undefended against any and all there is a if you forget your passwords when you have full disk encryption turned you will not be able to recover your disk encryption will only protect you if your computer is actually turned or logged though. If in the habit of simply letting it sleep while not using a password manager and two factor final piece of advice is both the best general security and the least relevant for the majority of people when it comes to living under the While encrypted communications are important for protecting users from where a huge amount of personal communications are automatically intercepted and fixing passwords do there is no evidence the engages in hacking of accounts not already under even if you worry about being specifically securing your accounts is just good sense. The actions you take to fight repressive regimes may only end up protecting your bank but still a password such as or lets you generate and store unguessable and you should use a unique one for every account you have. You should be doing this as a matter of even if you only passwords on access can be used to gain greater or not you reuse services like Troy Have I Been are good too. Hunt monitors for large scale password and will email you if any of your accounts have been posted in the in security breaches like hack of accounts in protects you even if you lose your passwords. Companies including and Apple all offer different forms of requiring you to either enter a code displayed on another or approve the when logging up to is always on the hunt for ways to hack into but that mean it perfectly happy to use methods to access information too. Always keep your software up to installing security updates as soon as to avoid being targeted through a security weakness which has already been fixed. Like all the best this will serve you well in your day to day too. like infections frequently spread by taking advantage of flaws in software like Adobe so keeping that up to date will protect you from the and from is also a reason to reconsider your model of phone. While Apple has a long track record of shipping security updates for devices long after the Android landscape is more patchy. has promised to update its Pixel while manufacturers like keep their like the Galaxy up to date. But cheaper models are often left with the version of Android they ship with meaning they rapidly become use this as a moment to take stock. That about to does it really need to know your Does it need access to your Could information you share publicly be used against What about information you share but through insecure Do you need to chat to colleagues using your communication rather than or even over the Is your archive of thousands of or millions of enough for a determined attacker to damage you give me six lines written by the hand of the most honest of I will find something in them which will hang wrote Cardinal Four hundred years and modern are spoiled for and computer on on via on on on on on this content

Here is this tunes picked by a reader from your suggestions after last Thanks for them all. Read more about how our weekly readers recommend series works at the end of the volunteer can be defined as one who offers to do and the offerings from the community this week produced a fine variety of takes on the in question. Twitter The community angle gets our list off to a boisterous start with the exhortations of Canned Heat in Work Together Come on now get on the ball and work come work underlining that it can be important to and enthuse potential volunteers for maximum benefit and enjoyment all round. While on that eager to echo a fellow timely comment from earlier in the 04 2016 comment has been chosen by Guardian staff because it contributes to the think it's worth saying this week's topic presents the perfect opportunity to the man who has freely volunteered more of his time for related than any absolutely tirelessly and with constant excellent our very own as they with the list and selflessness was much in evidence this vividly portrayed as it is in Dream by In the spring of 1856 two boys aged five and six became lost in the forest wilderness. Several hundred volunteers searched for two weeks for the but it was apparently only after a man named dreamed of their location that their bodies were eventually located. More but still oddly poignant selflessness features in A Postcard to by The video is a touching animation by telling the story of going a significant number of extra miles to help his friend avoid some parental issues. Things progress entirely which adds to the general much shorter journey but still one with positive benefits for a companion. Reader sums up Fats My Girl it for some Ms so Fats would you on my What a picture that conjures up in selflessness thus saves the albeit only from the effects of inclement weather. Contrast this positive outcome with the travails that ensue for a volunteer placing themselves in the less than expert hands of Warren protagonist in For My Next Trick Need a I can saw a woman in you want to look in the box when through Volunteering conjures images of for or and there were a number of fine nominations in that vein. One of the most hauntingly memorable included the We all and we wrote down our we added two years to our for life and ahead of the for pages In making the observed that the voice is a made of worth listening to 1916 by just to check how wonderfully accurate that description is. Twitter voice like a made of at festival in 2015. via la was the pick of several songs referencing the civil war. Powerful given added resonance by elegant of specific volunteers every corner of the standing beside the people. Sublime. And from the sublime to something else Paper with Be a Hero. In this earns its place on grounds both aesthetic and not only is Billy embroiled in battle to begin the one who unflinchingly volunteers to ride out and seek reinforcements. That extra mile exists even in the title of Volunteered Slavery. Much historical and philosophical discourse is available and elsewhere about the concept. The song itself is a remarkable amalgam of call and response A tad more accessible is Hear It for the a celebratory of ways to be helpful. Retreat sing the praises of cookie hall chair and all those others whose efforts help small town community activities to hoping already something to appeal to most tastes this but surely room in any list for a public information film backed with an hypnotic so our penultimate selection is Dig for Victory by Public Service Broadcasting. It admittedly takes a bit of time before the tune kicks so worth persevering with the initial implement and community footage. The one issue that remains is how the vital foodstuffs secured by digging for victory are to be distributed among those who most need and luckily Reeves offers the Meals on share your songs about farm produce Read how to join new theme will be announced at on 10 You have until on 14 to submit a reminder of some of the guidelines for you have a good theme or if like to volunteer to compile a from suggestions and write a about please email is a wealth of data on including the songs that are at the It also tells you the meaning of and other strange words used by regulars also congregate at the and on on via on on on on on this content

Stokes shows other side to his talents with century of graft and craft Martin Read more report from Stokes and score tons as England pile on the runs against Read more the day is and though England would have dearly loved to make a late breakthrough they will nevertheless be extremely satisfied by their work. They may not have taken any but they have been sufficiently encouraged to feel that they will soon enough. By tea tomorrow we should have a good idea of where this Test is heading. For adieu. gives a quick interview on his way off the It was encouraging for tomorrow. I think the slower ball spun a bit more than the rest of them. got to try to be patient as well. I slept well last so I too fussed being on 99 Before I went into bat I feel that I was a bit lethargic and I had to get myself going. I just batted to the occasion and the singles were there to take. There were times when I wanted to have a hack but got to rein it in sometimes. his Maybe I got a bit defensive but I found him quite tough to face to be honest with you. 23rd 63-0 bowls and one lovely delivery in the which spot and zips just past the edge of his bat. Very nice bowling. And stumps. 22nd 60-0 Another another and England have only six deliveries left if to stop ending what has been for them a largely disappointing day feeling really quite positive all things considered. 21st 59-0 does his first and his second ball is hit by to the long off evading not one but two diving fielders on its way for added dramatic effect. 20th 54-0 and gets a single from the penultimate ball. In a pleasingly symmetrical both batsmen have faced precisely 60 deliveries. 19th 53-0 Four overs to go and how England would like something to celebrate before stumps. just seen this tweet from late last night. Who calls their eatery Brilliant good to aim I Restaurant to serve you thanks for visiting 2016 18th 51-0 first over yields a single off the though was looking pretty angry with himself when he failed to or indeed an eminently hittable wide one that maybe stayed a bit low. 17th 50-0 Decent bowling from setting up with a couple that carried straight on well wide of off and then making the third angle though the wicket seriously threatened. the runs have stopped only one has been scored in the last three overs. 16th 50-0 looking most though there been much competition and reach a largely 50. Cook at silly point gets hit on the calf and decides pads might be in causing a short delay 15th 49-0 A bit of movement here for with the ball biting a chunk out of the pitch on its way through. Maiden. 14th 49-0 gets good spin and no reward for it. But is totally the ball finds a gap between bat and and it passes perhaps two inches wide of off and then rolls away for four byes. On says it turned which goes to show the effect Trump is already having on our culture. are going to win bigly. Believe video 13th 44-0 first ball is a wide full toss that diverts to backward point for four. of runs so far have come from as this wicket continues to bleed runs. 12th 40-0 Hello little to encourage England so far but for one delivery that climbed and went for four which as encouragement goes is very much at the discouraging end of the spectrum. no such drama from his fourth over of the featuring as it does a couple of singles and a leg all pretty 11th 37-0 Broad on. be tempted to get into the game especially given the time of day and consequent dilemma. gets some discernible presumably an excellent sign for particularly when Stokes is able to bowl. A decent over from two from and drinks. will be with you until the close. 10th 35-0 is showing plenty of apart from that one lunge in the previous over. Six defensive strokes mean six dot balls mean a maiden. big on final months on writes Offers. 9th 33-0 Stokes is limping off the field. It looks like cramp. reaches outside off stump to elegantly wave a poor delivery from Broad through the covers for four. Then he times four more back past an even better and edges a third boundary low to third man. Anyone out England bowler reacts as and take a run. 8th 21-0 This is good from whose line and length to have been excellent. After five dot throws everything at a full delivery that beats him and spits past for four byes. 7th 17-0 Broad is into his work now and produces a sharp delivery that onto the thigh. There is also a hint of reverse though been a long day so my eyes may be telling lies. An excellent over from his best yet. 6th 17-0 replaces who bowled a couple of innocuous overs. He had by far the best series of his Test career with the ball against in when he took 19 wickets at 23. negligible turn in his first over with defending solidly. A maiden. plays a shot. 5th 17-0 Cook has put a man on the drive for the first twang of funk in the field. There should be plenty more as England try to prise out 20 wickets. You always wickets on the Broad goes around the wicket to the angle from which he has so much success in the last 18 months. works a single behind square on the leg side to get off strike. 4th 15-0 reaches to time a wide delivery from behind backward point for four. England have been unusually inaccurate so far. is that wanted highlights but the set the price too says blank screens Surely be putting something on even if only repeat of She 3rd 10-0 drives Broad pleasantly through extra cover for a couple. a bit of bounce to encourage England but no real movement. They will want to get it reversing as soon as assume this match is all over but do you know if any channels are giving the rest of us the chance to watch highlights at says see anything on Channel 5 or I think so. 2nd 8-0 injury has meant an unlikely return for 35. He gets off the mark by pinging a poor delivery from through square leg for four. Not a great start by England. Send them 501 is surely a says Drew. had a previous England opener made it would have been a hundred. Sorry for the 1st 4-0 If England get two wickets tonight they will sleep beautifully. in his 100th opens to with three a gully and short leg. His line is too straight to start and works the second ball fine for four. falling away again and it shows. He improves as the over progresses and almost sneaks a wide yorker under bat. The last ball ends up in the hands of at short a couple of the slips appeal but Broad and the umpire says John that we have three centurions in the but this is where large scores are not unknown. There were no daddy hundreds stepfather maybe. A score of ought to be a What do you call a 501 The end of the innings means time for the tea break. England have had a good with and Stokes making hundreds and and contributing as well. There are only 21 overs remaining in the so can really charge in after tea. tries to sweep and and gives him out primarily because he was the last but replays showed it straightened and would have hit leg stump. players celebrates the wicket of batsman 159th England 537-9 Broad Broad turns just short of leg slip as this session continues to potter along. has figures of two for 167. 158th England 534-9 Broad Broad is dropped by a diving chance at leg slip at and then survives a referral after dropping his says reporting on the cricket and tell us whether you think Trump will inspire May like did you only on terms with the 157th England 529-9 Broad a cheap wicket with which to massage his figures. Instead swaggers down the track and lifts a classy boundary over This has been an excellent innings from one of the better in cricket history. 156th England 522-9 Broad Broad had his face redefined by a bouncer in so not surprised attacks him with a couple of bouncers. Broad ignores and a maiden. 155th England 522-9 Broad pulls through midwicket for a shot that verges on disdainful. beats him for his but only outside off it should be tea but because England are nine the session will be extended for half an hour or until Broad misses a straight one. 154th England 518-9 Broad bowls the penultimate over of a somnolent afternoon with pulling a single off the last ball. La la la. 153rd England 517-9 Broad The is the centurion Broad. innings ends when he is caught down the leg side. He pushed wearily at an errant delivery from and got a thin edge that was well taken by the keeper 152nd England 517-8 Stokes defends a few deliveries from and then winces a sharp single to at He is showing almost heroic given the match situation and his own with the says Griffin. you stop publishing facetious nonsense emailed in by and stick to the these emails is ever 151st England 516-8 Stokes is struggling presumably with cramp. If I was a take no risks until tea is 15 then mainline during the interval and swing like a beauty in the evening session. I suspect he might give it away before tea though. Either he should be beyond criticism as he has been quite everyone who follows cricket have a whirring set of possible amazing scenarios going in their head that are ultimately so outlandish and unlikely they even air them to their nearest and says Salmon. the moment thinking Stokes top score 258 more from top first class score 116 and Broad top score 169. another 405 meaning the 1000 is Do you think this will In say a near certainty. 150th England 513-8 Stokes is shattered now and has a hack at dragging it through square leg for a single. England have plodded along in this session but I think okay. What they want was to be bowled out for 480 and for to end the day on 150 for says have to learn to with banal before gradually moving into speculative ideas if going pretentious while distinguishing the whole with an original spin which is brief or quickly cut and Did I say like to paste something. 149th England 510-8 famously broke his bat during a hundred in 2003. Now Stokes has broken the ball. He cracked it so hard back to that it made a big and a delay while the umpires choose a replacement. The first delivery with the new ball hits Stokes amidships and plops just in front of his stumps. Stokes staggers backwards and a weary attempted kick at the ball. That was funnier than I made it sound. new at this so bear with the 144th over was all about my email and not about the cricket I feel both glad that was provided and yet sad that coverage was impacted upon by said says hope we can find a way We Dexter has commissioned a report into the impact of attempted on cricket 148th England 509-8 comes into the attack. His first a reverse is edged just short of gully by The extent to which England make the ball reverse might decide this game. Maybe this will be Jubilee albeit without the brandy the White shock and awe in as England have gone from a thrashing in to 500 says Guy feel rather foolish having questioned whether Stokes was a bit of a bully when he failed in last time but been outstanding this winter. I keep forgetting only 25. a real potential core of this team for the next 5 or 6 when England never seemed that good at succession. I may have to replace my with some What a is an astonishingly brilliant creation. going to leave no spine in the next six or seven years. 147th England 509-8 Stokes winces a little after playing a forward defensive off be bowling in a couple of hours. continues to bowl very wide of off hoping Stokes will go fishing. He 146th England 509-8 Stokes really gone for apart from that one six down the and there are just a couple of singles from that over. England are going fairly slowly but I think a they are using up some of the good overs before this pitch hopefully I appreciate the anecdotes and says 144th over has NO information about the cricket. preceding commentary was the flip side good information. Shape up try bud. new to this so bear with me. 145th England 507-8 who has had four catches dropped in this returns in place of the subdued Stokes ignores some wider deliveries and Trump is the balance out the giggling sirens at front door he needs to call up his friends Perspective and England Cricketing History of the says Lee Smith. should dampen his 144th England 506-8 am not watching any live coverage of Stokes alas as I have a new computer and all my I mean cricket links are says a bit like missing out on watching Joy Division on Reports because you insisted that Tony was too much of a prick to be worth your 143rd England 504-8 Stokes works for a single to bring up the 500. England have gone from 5-0 to 500 in sessions. the 10th time they have reached 500 in Their highest score was the 652-7 in in the match of Foxy Foxy Foster and Foxy then gets his first boundary with a nice flick through midwicket off 142nd England 495-8 A maiden from to You predicted all this. 141st England 495-8 an odd thing to say about an innings of 8 not out from 31 but has played perfectly so with no risk whatsoever in his playing for Stokes.

Always quick to get to the social media came up with an instant distillation of the global response to the unsettling election of Trump as president of the United Trump to meet at the White House live updates Read declared that we had witnessed something more than a simple change of government. a slogan would not have circulated had Mitt beaten in it implied that Trump had not merely taken over the running of the United States for four but that his presidency represented a much darker threat that it in destroy the Twitter is prone to the hyperbolic and hysterical. But more sober commentators were raising a similar albeit in not quite such stark terms. the editor of the New spoke for many when he election of Trump to the presidency is nothing less than a tragedy for the a tragedy for the and a sickening event in the history of the United States and liberal democracy It is impossible to react to this moment with anything less than revulsion and profound For the millions who shared that dawn on felt like mourning in they fear is that Trump will make good on all the promises and threats he made during these last 18 months. What if he goes ahead and deports 11.3 million undocumented What if he really does ban all entering the What if he tries to use the powers of the state to go after media that have him making life difficult for the businesses that own inquisitive newspapers such as the for example as he has said he What if he overturns abortion even imposing form of on a woman who terminates a as he once And what if he really does build that Twitter How the 2016 US election night are plenty who believe that if Trump went ahead and actually implemented his he would create a different xenophobic and at odds with some of the founding principles religious equality or freedom of speech that have defined the United States since its founding. The country would still exist but it would no longer be there is a ready chorus of realists and quick to say that such talk is excessive. Those voices offer assorted forms of reassurance. they make the perennial claim that every successful politician whatever the bluster and rhetoric of the campaign always moderates once in office. This view holds it to be all but a law of nature that the radicalism of the candidate is always tempered by the reality of governing. Trump may have talked up a storm on his way to the White they but once behind the desk of the Oval practical considerations will surely constrain runs the there are formal mechanisms in place to do just that. The United after is ruled by a constitution that insists on the separation of so that the executive the president can never go too always held in check by both the independent in the form of the supreme and the Congress. These venerated institutions will surely prevent Trump from doing anything too crazy. Less but also to be taken into account is the federal a vast civil service of who will ensure that any Trump proposal is softened and smoothed into sanding off its more wild edges. And there is always the they surely let Trump get out of trouble none of those reassurances stacks up. Start with the notion that once he has sworn the oath of Trump is bound to tone it dropping his most incendiary plans. The trouble with that idea is that party bigwigs were saying the same thing throughout the earnestly hoping that Trump would change once he became the that he would change once he won the party that he would change once he started the campaign proper in Normal candidates do indeed do that. But with it never happened. Twitter Rams cheers as Trump speaks at a rally in Grand he kept sounding insulting bereaved military parents one a former Miss Universe the next. The only time he agreed to take direction was in the very final when he finally stuck to a message and read scripted lines from a teleprompter. But that was just for a few when the big shiny prize was in sight. It is a slim foundation on which to build the hope that a man with a proven lack of impulse control just grab them by the will miraculously transform himself the minute he walks through the door of 1600 if the restraint come from what about from there be institutions to hold Trump in The trouble Republicans did not only win the they also won both houses of Congress. That gives Trump enormous a strength that has eluded most of his predecessors. W Bush governed with a Republican Congress for a short spell. Before the last Republican to enjoy such might was in result is that Trump will face no congressional constraint. They will do his bidding. Some have suggested while their party affiliation might be the Trump will nevertheless encounter resistance on Capitol Hill because so many congressional Republicans are hostile to him. They cite the House who publicly clashed with Trump several times on the campaign once accusing him of making a example of a racist and who endorsed Trump only through gritted and Trump mark a Politicians must not pander to it Read will not dare oppose Trump now. Trump is the one with the national the winner of a much larger electoral college victory than anyone ever thought possible. Trump won states that had eluded the Republicans for he even took which had been in Democratic hands since 1988. That gives him huge clout inside the Republican party. He succeeded in doing what they had long failed to expanding the map and winning over white voters who had previously spurned so Republicans in Congress will be the junior partners in this new forced to bow to the man whose electoral appeal is so much stronger than theirs. He be their they will be his. If representatives were to dare to step out of Trump will ask them who the voters in their districts who will almost certainly have voted for him would back. The answer will always be pressure be applied only to Republicans. Witness this exchange between Newt to be a possible secretary of state in a Trump and journalist had asked about the proposed border wall with wondering if a Trump administration would really be able to get Congress to pay for it that no one believes ever despite hot pay for it replied that he would use the pressure of to bring doubters around. how many Democrats are up for election in the Senate in adding that the answer was 25. you really want to go home as the guy who stopped the by all but build it in if Congress promises to be what of the supreme surely the ultimate That body has a ready to be filled by the next president. Trump can nominate a pliant judge and the Senate will be unlikely to resist. That would instantly give Trump a 5-4 conservative majority on the highest court. And with several other supreme court justices in their late or other vacancies could appear too. Trump will have the chance to reshape the court in his image. can do the same for the lower rapidly filling up the federal bench with Twitter A man holds up an image of with the word above a Trump rally in Springs. once on the a judge can stay for life. So impact will be felt for a generation. He could have the numbers to overturn Roe v the ruling that gives women abortion to further entrench gun reducing what few restrictions currently exist has proposed that schoolteachers be or even to reinterpret the first amendment to allow for his proposed tightening of the libel Trump wants the right to pursue journalists who have so that can sue them and win lots of for the federal the US system is not like the one in A new president does not have to confine himself to appointing a handful of special fitting them into an politically neutral machine. He makes a staggering 4,000 staffing the entire top layer of government all owing their jobs and total loyalty to him. there will be no civil service to stop Trump. They will be servants. said that the military will behave in the same they will not want to be seen resisting democratically civilian other Trump will have enormous power from inauguration day on 20 2017. He can build his border wall if he wants to so memorable was the the political penalty for not doing so will be enormous. But he can do much more day he can at the stroke of a pen undo much of the legacy. Trump has had a team of aides draw up what they call the First Day a series of executive orders signed by that Trump could overturn with his signature before he has got his feet under the desk. Among the measures they have targeted for repeal the agreement on climate the refugee and the rules demanding checks on the background of someone seeking to buy a gun. By the end of that first would already be a changed work starts on the border most vociferous supporters will demand action on the other signature the deportation of those migrants. With Republican control of the House and he will have no excuses for inaction or delay. On there has been some advance work. One envisages a force of 90,000 equipped to make raids on restaurants and building rooting out illegal immigrants. As of chartered buses seats on and planes can accommodate would carry deportees to the border or to their home Others have talked of putting these unwanted people on trains and expelling them a method that evokes the darkest chapter in the Trump could work on his ban on entering the US. The constitution might strike that down as discrimination on grounds of but it would not be too hard to refashion it. Trump has spoken of banning arrivals from countries associated with which may be an effective workaround. And all the Trump would be shredding the legacy of first black abolishing which gave millions health there is another promise Trump will want to implement. It came during the debates when Trump pledged if he he would put in jail over her use of a private email server as secretary of state. He do that but he could steer his Justice Department to pursue perhaps via a special prosecutor. Who would stop him doing His base will demand nothing their cries of her are still ringing. only thing that might stay his hand is if he calculates that the threat of prosecution provides useful a sword to hang over the heads of the to ensure they keep quiet and out of his this is the country that Trump unshackled and unbound can starting three months from now. Oblivious to the hostile to snarling towards and seeking to roll back rights that took decades to secure. It would be a country that saw the constitution not as its greatest but as an obstacle to overcome. It would see diversity not as a but as a fact to be at best. And anyone objecting to any of this would find the big all three branches of arrayed against them. RIP It certainly might feel that what we saw in the astonishingly ugly campaign fought by Trump would be only an inkling of what is to follow. as one senior Democrat put it to horror show has not even started. This is just the elections on on via on on on on on this content

In I registered with the Bus Driving School. I paid by debit card and was given a date in for the first training session. I was told that I would be contacted by an instructor a week before. Three days before the lesson I had heard nothing and was told that due to problems at the Driver Vehicle Standards Agency the training would be postponed for a week. A week I received a message letting me know that the company had ceased trading. I asked my bank to issue a but it told me that since the company has not gone into it help. nothing on the website to suggest that a problem except that the phone number no longer works. But the two prominent photos of red Transport for are misleading. says it has never heard of the which is not to train people to drive public buses. The only way to do that is to train with one of the contracted bus operators. The which trades as Drivers Training is still listed as on the Companies House register but a spokesperson for Companies House confirms that the process has begun to strike it off as it has failed to file annual you had paid by credit card you could have claimed a refund via your card issuer under Section 75 of the Consumer Credit Act. Debit cards have such legal protection and the which covers thwarted is voluntary. your response is misleading. Whether or not the company has gone into it is still in breach of contract so your claim should be considered under you need help email at or write to Your The Kings 90 Include an address and phone number. problems with on on via on on on on on this content

by the was the line that was supposed to have ended campaign for presidency. Instead it turned out to be one of the most astonishing and successful strategies for the highest office. In a campaign based on misogyny and Trump proved that boasting about sexually assaulting far from ruining a can boost and white women voted for him in droves. Grab by the indeed. The first black president will now be succeeded by a man endorsed by the according to Trump and his male and is what the dream actually looks lot will be written about how victory represents a backlash of rage from the white working classes. The election of this narrative proves how these people feel ignored by the elite politicians and metropolitan media. We need to hear more from these the argument and how they have suffered because of the demise of the opioid the death of the this not least far from being a of those who earn more than and of white college graduate voters chose Trump. But even leaving that to say that no one took notice of the angry white vote in this US election is awfully reminiscent of politicians saying one talks about when it feels like you know I think we got that base well and truly from ignoring the white working class during this they were written about so extensively by nervously placatory liberal journalists that these articles became a genre unto perfectly by Hart last week help but notice that people in are angry I wanted to hear more but Ed explained that Brooks had scheduled an interview with him to discuss whether he ate dinner with his family every and what it means for an alternative heard enough of white rage now. Oh listen to the grievances of enraged voters. But understanding them is different from indulging and the media and politicians in the US and have for too long conflated the encouraging the white victim narrative and stoking precisely the kind of campaigns that led to and Trump the voter demographics have the linking factor in Trump voters is not class but Trump wins US all on the same says live Read campaigns promised to turn the clock back to a time when white men were in the and both were fronted by privately educated false prophets such as and absurdly privileged buccaneers who style themselves as friends of the working classes while pushing policies that work against them. They have bleached language of boasting that they a negative thing as opposed to someone who has devoted their life to public and they scorn are now apparently the biggest threat to like supporters before will say that these are merely the of the sore losers the the or whatever portmanteau is conceived next. This objection always misses the obvious point that these people mourning for themselves. Whereas those who voted for Trump and did so to turn time back for their personal those who voted for remain or did so because they know time only moves and this benefits society. To try to force it back hurts call out voters for falling for such damagingly racist and sexist messages is viewed by politicians as a and dangerously snobby by the as though people are precious toddlers who must be and possibly be held responsible for any flawed thinking. There is no doubt the white working classes in the west have suffered in recent yet no other demographic that has endured similarly straitened circumstances is indulged in this way. For politicians have the black working classes who suffered far worse structural inequalities and for far longer and Trump continues to do so as only the white working classes are accorded this and insistent media empathy. No one is telling these voters to pull up their boot straps. The Dream is only considered when the white working classes who are suffering. When they are simply lazy and morally flawed. Twitter How the 2016 US election night according to the politicians and journalists who indulge inverted was seen as simply too corrupt and establishment by these voters. election is an unmistakable rejection of a political establishment and an economic system that simply working for most as though the election of a racist property billionaire who inherited his wealth was the class warrior triumph all been waiting for. But if anyone thinks it is because the media promoted false throughout this campaign to a degree never before US has elected its most dangerous leader. We all have plenty to fear Read the Times headlined its editorial about the election as if the decision between a woman who used the wrong email server and a bully in the easiest choice in the world. private email server was covered more ferociously than misogyny. That had talked at was reported as a financial flaw somehow analogous to his of tax. However much people want to blame the their voters or the result of this election is due at least as much to anyone who pushed the narrative that and Trump were equally or even similarly on them. The most qualified candidate in a generation was defeated by the least qualified of all time. That is what misogyny looks like all it will end up dragging us all elections on on via on on on on on this content

