Another engrossing day of Test cricket ends with Australia holding the upper hand thanks to a sublime unbeaten 138 from Usman Khawaja. Sent in late on Thursday as a makeshift opener the elegant left hander will return to the crease on Saturday afternoon after spending the entire second day batting. Partners came and went around him. Steve Smith had more than 59 in his locker but a regrettable run-out threatened to change the course of the game. It didn’t thanks to Peter Handscomb’s busy debut. His dismissal for 54 sparked a mini-collapse but the wickets of Nick Maddinson and Matthew Wade to the new ball under lights failed to mushroom into anything serious.For South Africa, Kyle Abbott was the standout, deserving better than his 3/38 from 25 overs.Captain Obvious here, but the first session tomorrow will set up the rest of the game. Quick wickets for South Africa will drag them back into contention but a couple of hours of Australian batting could see them extend their lead of 48 into match-winning territory. Thanks for your company, we’ll see you then.Usman Khawaja guides Australia in day-night Test against South Africa Read more  Usman Khawaja batted throughout the second day of the third Test against South Africa at the Adelaide Oval. Photograph: Cameron Spencer/Getty Images 102nd over: Australia 307-6 (Khawaja 138, Starc 16)Final over of the day, and it’s Abbott to bowl it. Khawaja’s had enough, he takes a single from the first ball and he’ll park himself at the non-striker’s end, reminding himself of his good day’s work. Starc looks assured now against the pacemen, standing and delivering with a straight bat, playing in the V. And that’s stumps.Glenn Peters (@nightwatchman)Groups of blokes who wear the same costumes together at the cricket are as funny as the flu. #ausvsaNovember 25, 2016Posted as a public service announcement.  101st over: Australia 306-6 (Khawaja 137, Starc 16)Shamsi returns to torment Starc, half-appealing for an LBW, then half-appealing for an LBW and a bat-pad chance that drops in front of short-leg. Starc continues to hold his end up though. Richard Hinds (@rdhinds)Sorry to labour the point. But is Faf still a mastermind for getting Khawaja in early?#AUSvSA #RealOpenersNovember 25, 2016 100th over: Australia 305-6 (Khawaja 136, Starc 16)Abbott around the wicket to Starc and the Australian number 8 does his job, seeing off another over.*See over 99 (The Large Hadron Collider). 99th over: Australia 305-6 (Khawaja 136, Starc 16)Shamsi returns to the attack late in the day to bowl his left-arm wrist spin to Starc with just four overs remaining in play. And Starc does not know which way the ball is turning! One rips off the pitch and into the hands of Amla at first slip, the wrong ‘un nips between bat and pad and misses the bails by a particle so small they’re searching for it in that big shiny tunnel in Geneva.  98th over: Australia 304-6 (Khawaja 135, Starc 16)Kyle Abbott back on for his final dart with the tail at his mercy. 22 overs 3-35 so far in a terrific display. Immediately on the line and length, but Starc looks to be warming to his task and does well to rotate the strike with the implacable Khawaja. 97th over: Australia 303-6 (Khawaja 135, Starc 15)More of the same from Philander, finding the middle of Khawaja’s blade, and the inch or so just outside the edge of Starc’s. Apart from the one that rockets from a Starc push through extra cover for a rare boundary and the team 300.Five overs remaining. Australia lead by 43.cricket.com.au (@CricketAus)A crowd of 37,932 here on day two to see another cracking day of Test cricket! #AUSvSA pic.twitter.com/PMtw7AjCwDNovember 25, 2016 96th over: Australia 293-6 (Khawaja 134, Starc 7)Rabada changing the angle, moving around the wicket, offering Khawaja the single, which he takes second delivery. Regardless of how the rest of the day pans out, this has been a Herculean effort from the makeshift opener.Starc is not in Khawaja’s class and looks at risk of losing his wicket every delivery, but he survives with a series of play and misses, bunts, and leading edges into space. Gary Naylor (@garynaylor999)I don't care for the interpretation of "pitching outside the line of leg stump" @JPHowcroft. If some of the ball is in line, it's in line.November 25, 2016I agree. 95th over: Australia 291-6 (Khawaja 133, Starc 6)Philander’s tested Starc all over and eventually he gets one through the big man’s defences, and it’s given LBW - reviewed immediately. And for good reason, the ball pitched a hair’s breadth outside the line of leg stump. Starc survives, only to waft another swoosh at one that beats the outside edge.Apparently the ball had 45% landing in line with the stumps, not the required 50%. A game of millimetres.  94th over: Australia 289-6 (Khawaja 133, Starc 4)Rabada’s in his happy place, hitting a good length and forcing both left-handers to consider the health of their thumbs. Starc isn’t one to take a backward step though and he fronts up well with a straight bat and a jutted jaw. 93rd over: Australia 286-6 (Khawaja 132, Starc 2)Ten overs remaining tonight. Discussion on TV wanders into ‘why is the ball swinging more tonight than last night?’ territory. It would be a shame if one of them just went “I don’t know. Nobody knows really. Makes for great cricket though.”Philander sending down his wobbly off-cutters in the vicinity of Khawaja’s outside edge, but the vigil continues. 92nd over: Australia 285-6 (Khawaja 132, Starc 1)Khawaja offered a single first up, and he accepts, happy to rest his aching bones at the non-striker’s end and allow Mitchell Starc to fend off some Rabada thunderbolts. The big lefty does enough, including pinching a single of his own off the last ball to farm the strike.Since the new ball was taken and the lights came on this innings has transformed. The neon pink pill keeps darting past the outside edge with a comet’s tail behind