a versatile guitarist who recorded hit versions of the themes from the westerns Magnificent and and worked with artists ranging from Buddy Holly to Tony died on 9 in He was 96. His at a nursing was confirmed by his had Top 40 hits in 1961 with his on the United Artists of those two becoming one of the relatively few artists to reach that plateau with instrumental recordings. His version of the galloping theme from the western which began in 1959 and would end its hugely popular run in reached No. 19 on the Billboard singles chart. His rendition of the heroic composed by Elmer from Magnificent a 1960 film with and reached No. 35. The son of a New Jersey started as a vocalist but was persuaded by his father that being an instrumentalist would offer more professional opportunities. His father was right. In the and was one of the busiest guitarists in the recording studios of New In addition to Holly and the many artists with whom he recorded or performed included Frank Johnny and Glen and Rosemary He also played in orchestras led by and and on radio and television with and Ed And he recorded albums as a beginning with in a released in 1955 on on which he led a jazz quartet featuring Hank on piano. could play rock a pianist who often recorded with told The Palm Beach Post in 2004. could do anything that was the classic was born on Sept. in Jersey to and the former He began on the was a guitar prodigy by the age of took formal lessons as a teenager at a Times Square studio and at 16 was already associated with his fellow guitarist Tony performing with him on a radio and He enlisted in the where he performed in the Fifth Marine Division Band with the singer and Bob and served as a stretcher bearer during World War II at After a brief interlude on the trumpet switched because marching bands largely forgo string he returned to guitar after the war and studied at the New Jersey College of Music on the Bill. He played an Standard guitar. He was one of the first artists honored with a signature guitar in the modern era by the which was founded in 1873. In addition to his is survived by his the former a four and four
WITH a charming intimacy to much of this which Batiste made on the side during his first year as for Late Show With The style runs from spare to with soulful voice and as abiding constants. Along with his regular band he enlists instrumental guests including the trumpeter the percussionist and the violinist Lee England As for the vocal they include on a slinky Rest Ye Merry and Aloe on the original A You can hear the seeping through the impressive holiday album by her most promising singer of contemporary music. Sometimes in the like on which pulses with New jazz and swing. But mainly her home state is in her which unlike that of many of her genre is rife with not clarity. That means an Come All Ye more unsteady dirge than regal and a Yourself a Merry Little thanks to the appealing drag in her is cozy and Perhaps you have listened to the youngish country star and wondered just even in these permissive he makes sense in If that city has lately been dominated by he is a his twang feels digitally augmented. his first holiday makes the disconnect It turns out is a disarming crooner deeply at home in front of a big band. He achieves a striking on Be Home for and wrings Yourself a Merry Little into a scene of pure pathos. It has been more than 30 years since Grant released her first which opened with a cozy This album begins the same but dismiss it as a retread. Ms. a longtime beacon in contemporary is also a fixture of where she recorded these songs at her home studio. a cameo by her who brings a silvery gleam to Cold And in addition to friskier holiday Ms. Grant offers a few bittersweet new ballads like which sets the stage with a post another picture from the quiet of my wonder like and wonder what to BEAUTIFUL SINGS interested in a holiday for a jazz singer of his that would have been too routine a challenge. What he made instead is a earnest reflection on the rites of the both religious and secular. is sparkling and sure covering and Old But his heart seems more honestly aligned with several numbers from The the title and a haunted ballad called Farm Song Op. which sets original lyrics to a lullaby by VERY What better turn than a album for an artist whose mission is to uphold tradition under the cover of mild first holiday album is by and large full of measured varied from Western swing to vintage and catholic song including the novelty Want a Hippopotamus for There are also four the best of which is Nice on which she over gonna wrap my presents up in red leave some special cookies out for Get The cookies have marijuana in them. marijuana cookies. For R. NIGHTS OF year will this year will year I make holiday love to R. would like to bring you tidings of comfort and joy and maybe some other things too. Nights of is his first holiday album in a career toggling between the carnal and the spiritual. He take the challenge lightly on this ambitious There are a dozen all originals. Some are perfectly like the are transfixing. is in his making music for steppers ready for a night out. But after the night out comes the night as the grunts and howls on make clear. CELEBRATE Big If no room in country mainstream for gargantuan a relief she found the willing canvas of holiday music. These standards just forgive elegantly shouted they encourage it. So Ms. Nettles howls on Holy leans into First with dignity and and brings sass to Rest Ye Merry an duet with Day. Like Ms. the arrangements by and have just enough bite to invigorate the familiar the easy guitar march on Holy or the rockabilly arrangement of the black spiritual Tell It on the How long has it been since the wildly pneumatically precise a last released a holiday Two since to which sold more than two million copies. If you liked that no reason you like this which also emulsifies carols and standards to the consistency of a smoothie. Maybe want to know that a solemn cover of a track by West maybe you already know that a cloying cover of the hymn. But the best news here suggests a merciful awareness of diminishing In its the album lasts just under 35 minutes. The manger far from the on which has songs from the trove of recordings she began making in the with Johnny John Carter at the Cash Cabin Studio. Ms. voice is pure with openhearted respect in religious songs and a touch of swing on tunes like The arrangements hark back to the understatement of placing just the right piano tinkle or turn between verses. When Ms. recites the Night Before backed by a farewell is you and to all a good The cozy benevolence of voice is the constant on an album that puts considerable thought into customizing familiar songs. There are echoes of and the Beach Boys in the steady chords behind It in a arrives with a different as a waltz with vocal harmonies from a gets full orchestral drama. Some choices are fussy and but Ms. voice always provides warmth. SHE She Him the actress and the guitarist M. Ward keep a air on their second holiday Ms. has a pretty a with lapses in while Ward in his occasional no better or worse than a session guitarist. Friends drop including Sonic and harmonizers like Jenny Lewis and the Sisters. Among many familiar songs is a Coldest Night of the She Him match the aura of the original. But along with the rest of the a suggestion to find your own nuggets and sing them yourself.
BIG It could have been even messier. Big was the bewildering and later beloved by album recorded in 1974 by the songwriter at a experimental extreme. Radiant melodies grappled with clutter and longing and reverence collided with and despair. Rightly considered it released until and its assorted versions have no definite sequence or even an official title. joins the 20 final masters with open solo demos for the along with mixes by its and more straightforward mixes by the engineer John Fry. It reveals the choices behind a ramshackle landmark. BELLE IN UPPER Music is only half of a box featuring and recordings by four bands from Upper became in also a comprehensive portfolio of photographs by studio portraits and casual images of a bygone era. The music is what made subjects dance. pulls music and soul back toward Star by star brings out often with a Echo National and which share the third are though their ballads they also find some funk. CAN I BE This exhaustive reissue gathers music just during and after his extending from to to plus two concert recordings and alternate mixes and edits. It reassembles an unreleased 1974 a preliminary version of with three though all have previously been reissued. Recording at Sigma Sound in Bowie was soaking up the warmth and dynamics of and bonding with dance music. An jamming remake of Only and the gradual buildups of Gonna Be and Can I Be show a gifted disciple learning fast and moving ahead. from has the high gloss and musical facility of the blockbuster Mac albums that preceded it and but fewer memorable in it sounds more facile and complacent. The 19 early versions and outtakes on the added disc are less less more exposed and a little darker. One furious at waited until 2003 for an official studio version. Confections like were improved by later confessions like perhaps not. The deluxe third is a tour the has the original album in audio. who founded the minimal label released ambient albums in the as a fitting rubric for music that was richly amorphous and invisibly yet thoroughly pervasive influential. sustained tones that might be orchestral or electronic and shifting fields of static hover over muffled beats and subtly rhythmic washes of noise. In a the tracks merge the glacial symphonic raptures of and with the loops and pulsations of dance they can be simultaneously serene and ominous. includes both vinyl and versions of the albums and the reissuing what were double vinyl albums on three each to make room for unedited versions and better sound. THE GRATEFUL THE COMPLETE The Grateful 1978 lineup was a prime a adventurous band with on piano and some challenging material from the 1977 album This elaborately packaged box gathers five shows on 12 crisply recorded to reveal every iota of Dead counterpoint. The band peaks in a show and in its first two concerts at Red Rocks in but plenty to enjoy elsewhere. A A spirit runs through the music of which stands for New Rhythm and Blues Quartet but has never been bound to or any other genre. Started in 1966 with home recordings one in this collection is rooted in a of and Monk and Sun along with a of early and Beach Boys. Their songs hold chromatic twists and wry packed into smiley bundles. combines a with many suiting a band both crafty and casual. AT THE A GO THE COMPLETE In the even a soul like Redding Turn You had a grinding schedule. He played seven sets in three days at the a Go Go in in a gig that moved him up out of the circuit. Redding had hits to but he go for he constantly changed up set lists. His road band and hit the arrangements as hard as the nonpareil studio but with fast and indomitable one slower and bluesier on another. And Redding used his growl of a voice to capture exultation and pain just a great soul hard at work. ALBUMS last project was to the 16 albums he released from 1972 to 1986. They included masterpieces novelties comedic rants of No provocations Machine now recognized as a monument of Minimalistic misfires Island and plenty of solidly rewarding albums that fall somewhere in between Blue Along the Reed occasionally set aside but invariably returned to his hallowed lineup of two bass and rethinking them every time decades them for more space and bite. 1991 brought the band to its ferocious fully establishing it as the grunge extension of Led with singing about defiance and rage rather than cockiness. Three years later with a tincture of would carry to its commercial peak. For its 25th a remastered is paired with noisier outtakes less equally brawny of the entire including a version of with May on lead guitar. The deluxe version adds a hometown concert in audio and a documentary and a remix. DOLLY COMPLETE TRIO Three solo careers aligned just twice with sessions in 1986 and 1994 for Dolly and to record two albums of largely acoustic Southern together as Trio. They harked back to tradition even in nontraditional songs like the Gold and Know Him Is to Love and their mutual respect shines through performances that were all about shared vocal harmonies. A third of 20 includes some alternate versions with more extroverted lead vocals in the spotlight. But at the Trio chose closer blends instead. Redhead released its first two albums in part of a downtown New moment still preoccupied with Sonic muscular and meditative dissonance and the long tail of no wave. But clear in this collection of early work those first two along with outtakes and radio performances from the same era is not just how this band smartly mainlined those but also its quirky sweetness. Here was a group that had cool nimble tension and an elegant warmth spread across it all. Before gangster rap became the ubiquitous soundtrack of sensual was one of the defining sounds of the city. Honed at live his style was flamboyant and and also He was a hilarious character and a fountain of dirty talk. But while his rhymes could be his throbbing production an unending pulse that verged on the erotic felt like the future. AT START YOUR OWN SHOW Death by the warehouse venue in was raucous and communally and in the woefully For nearly a until its eviction in it was one of that essential listening especially as the area began to coalesce around sloppy punk. the prevailing ethos of this exuberant collection of recordings made during Death by final one song per show. It intends to be a sort of for one special but ends up one for a sound and a neighborhood that remember. EARLY INDEPENDENT HIP ELECTRO AND DISCO RAP In after forced rapping out of park jams and block parties and onto the scramble to capitalize on that budding genre was with a gaggle of small labels emerging to sate the hunger. This smart anthology captures that moment via songs that follow the template of that foundational slick boasting over live bands playing disco licks. Some of these like are part of the primary but here they share space with worthy peers who have largely flown below the historical Count G. BOY 20TH ANNIVERSARY BOX SET Given how quickly moves these the peak Bad Boy era of the to the Notorious Puff Daddy learning to rap in feels like 10 lifetimes but therein lay almost all the blueprints for what came full absorption into followed by full absorption into pop. This thorough collection is arranged in loose thematic not to emphasize a label that was tough when it wanted to tender when it wanted to and most of the preferred not to choose. SAVOY SESSIONS The incandescent brilliance of output on Savoy well burnished in other boxed has often obscured the work of other early who receive their proper due here. Highlights include the earliest sessions by the tenor saxophonist Dexter and sparkling work by the trombonist J. J. the trumpeter Fats and the baritone saxophonist Parker. The sound restoration is and an extensive booklet sheds light on both the sessions and their roguish a named Teddy MILES JAZZ THE BOOTLEG VOL. The Miles Quintet of the has often justly been hailed as one of the great small groups in the history of jazz. It has also been exhaustively which makes this set feel like a A glimpse into the recording it traffics in alternate rehearsal material and including every second of tape from the sessions for the album Only serious obsessives need but for anyone fitting that a MULTITUDE OF became the most celebrated improvising solo pianist of the modern era on the basis of a wildly successful album of inventions from 1975. This engrossing set consists of four previously unreleased concerts from an tour in the last of his solo tours to adhere to a similarly sprawling format. Each concert has its own arc and balancing deep rhapsody against thorny dissonance. By own writing in the liner this body of work represents a pinnacle of his career. COMPLETE MONUMENT ALBUM So many of the factors that sealed granite reputation as a songwriter and hero his knack for his stoic his tender empathy can be clearly identified on his arresting released on Monument Records in 1970. the first disc in this which includes all his albums for the up to the 1981 masterwork the also a assortment of newly unearthed a compilation of including some duets with and three riveting concert the first of at the Big Folk is a previously portrait of the artist as a young already radiating his rangy charm. THE LAST WALTZ 40TH ANNIVERSARY Forty years ago this the Band threw itself a farewell party at the Ballroom in Billed as Last it featured an roster of friends and like Bob Muddy Waters and Young. A dazzling concert film of the same directed by Martin gave the evening an aura of which is surely one reason its anniversary has been met with such a grand commemorative ballyhoo. The simplest of these editions is a remastered version of the original on two the most elaborate is a featuring a copy of shooting script. A deluxe edition includes the film on the full concert audio and a handful of rehearsal like Van easing into ecstatic form on THE MASS EVANGELISM AND THE The commercial advent of recorded sound coincided with a boom in mass evangelism in the United States not an arbitrary as this collection definitively shows. A product of many years of scavenging and the collection draws from dozens of rare wax sorting them in three commercial by enterprising souls like the revivalist minister Frank celebrity notably those by the gospel baritone D. and vernacular including known as the Heath much of it traceable to a camp meeting on the Jersey Shore in 1897. A handsome hardcover packed with underscores the magnitude of the effort behind this groundbreaking set.
President officially pardoned two turkeys on in an oddly mournful replaying of a White House Thanksgiving ritual that not even his daughters attended. Standing in for the two daughters were two and unlike and have not yet been turned cynical by joked. still believe in bad puns. They still appreciate the grandeur of this occasion. They still have At the mention of the crowd in the Rose Garden made up of family and friends getting perhaps one last visit to the White House grounds grew and gathered along the nearby looked grim. has spent much of the last two weeks as a kind of crisis trying to persuade his staff and supporters that J. victory will not spell disaster for priorities or the nation. And on the president was at his best. The occasion was one of those somewhat odd White House traditions that become enshrined on the calendar in part because nobody quite knows how to kill them. The notion that a pardon given to two turkeys out of 46 million slaughtered for the Thanksgiving holiday should be some kind of event has always felt a bit off. has long papered over the awkwardness with a speech peppered with puns. But with his legacy on the chopping block this even a few puns could not dispel the feeling of a New funeral celebratory but with an underlying sadness. know there are some bad ones in but this is the last time doing so not leaving any room for said to some laughter. Putting aside the spent part of his speech trumpeting his accomplishments on housing and health care. It was a mini stump speech that most in the crowd had heard many but they clapped with gusto nonetheless. worth gobbling said. Then he grew somber and gave one of what will be many goodbyes. this I want to express my sincere gratitude to the people for the trust that placed in me over these last eight years and the incredible kindness that shown my said. behalf of and my and our we want to thank you so very He then dismissed the crowd with one last stab at good so get on with the because afternoon and everybody knows that Thanksgiving traffic can put everybody in a foul
is the queen of diamonds. In she first made her mark in the jewelry world by designing earrings with lines of stones the customer could choose one to seven rows. that here in 99 percent of the jewelry was so Ms. noting that the which uses smaller and therefore less costly allowed her to experiment with designs while keeping costs introducing a younger audience to diamond jewelry. The success of the initial pieces prompted her to start her in 2001. The diamond district of where Ms. office and showroom is a sharp contrast to its glittering product. Drab gray buildings line the main which has a metal security detail and its own synagogue for the many people in the industry. Yet the inspiration for Ms. designs can come to her with the help of her or almost anywhere. As an she offered one of her popular which features a circle of diamonds set in a cone of gold resembling a trumpet mushroom. was walking in the woods near my she when she got the idea. The which comes in a variety of colored is meant to be stacked for a personalized look. A trip she took to was about 10 years but it has had a lasting Her with its diamond echoes the fragrant a species of gardenia that she discovered during the trip. with its crisscrossed of came about because was walking after midnight in and stopped in front of the La she said. And the Lucky 8 collection is based on the importance of that number in culture and designed with that market in mind. Her newest debuted at this year. It was inspired by the the name for the one of her favorite as well as a play on the name of the surrealist painter Ms. jewelry is made by hand in prices start at 900 or and can go up to more than million for commissions. She has created custom pieces for members of royal and her work will be displayed at the Jewelry event this week in It was Ms. eye for the latest trend in jewelry that propelled her into the industry. In she was studying physiotherapy in when she began working at famous jewelry Design on school vacations. She became a employee and was given more and more responsibility asked her to travel to the annual trade fair in to buy jewelry for the store. He was shocked by her first gold jewelry designed by who also designed cars. you she recalled asking. is going to buy Ms. put the 25 pieces in the window by closing the entire collection had been sold. The next step was to design her own jewelry. astronomy and are all important to Ms. influence everything I she noting that even the name of her business is her last name combined with to produce and for the a the beautiful full moon is good she added.
It had all the trappings of a J. now the press critic in inviting the leading anchors and executives of television news to join him on for a private meeting of minds. stars like Lester and Wolf headed to Trump Tower for the typically the kind of event where journalists and politicians clear the air after a campaign. the delivered a defiant You got it all wrong. whose antagonism toward the news media was unusual even for a modern presidential described the television networks as dishonest in their reporting and shortsighted in missing the signs of his upset victory. He criticized some in the room by including A. according to multiple people briefed on the meeting who were granted anonymity to describe confidential discussions. It is not unusual for journalists to agree to sessions with prominent including President as a way to gain insights and develop relationships. But after details of hectoring leaked on in The New it seemed the meeting was being used as a political especially after news outlets trumpeted the session as a move by a brave Slams Media Face to blared the Drudge Report. Eats wrote News. Those curious to hear more of what the had to say at the session were out of Although more than two dozen prominent journalists many declined to comment because they had agreed to keep the proceedings off the record. a top adviser to described the meeting in more tempered terms. was very very very Ms. told reporters at Trump Tower. was also very candid and very my own she great to hit the reset the encounter crystallized concerns that emboldened by his may refuse to abide the traditional dynamic of a president and the journalists who cover a naturally adversarial relationship that is nevertheless based on some level of mutual trust. Some media critics questioned why the television which granted Trump hundreds of hours of free exposure during the would agree to terms. learned over past 18 months of covering tweeted of The Post. Television is of particular interest to who is a keen watcher of morning shows and this past weekend tweeted his displeasure at being mocked on an episode of Night Coverage of Trump increased ratings and revenue at news even as some executives conceded early in the the was granted too much free exposure. By the end of the Trump seemed to turn on certain networks and television in particular prompting supporters to chant slogans. Two people briefed on meeting said that Trump seemed well versed in the ratings increase during the election and did not hesitate to bring the subject up. Trump is meeting with representatives of several news organizations this including The New where he is scheduled to speak on with columnists and the publisher. chief of and Ms. are expected to accompany the to The according to a person with direct knowledge of the meeting. The meeting was organized at the request of a spokeswoman for The said on Trump is expected to speak on the record with Times reporters and there is also a short session which Hope a spokeswoman for described as opportunity to discuss past and future As a and now as Trump has frequently attacked The establishing the paper as a top target in his continuing feud with the media. Trump often refers to the New Times and has threatened to sue the company for libel over an article about two women who accused him of touching them inappropriately years earlier. The Times angered Trump with some of its unflattering coverage during the including reports on his his treatment of women and his legal troubles with Trump University. Since being elected he has blasted out more using Twitter to disparage the coverage and to claim it had lost of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the Times disputed that saying that it had added 41,000 net paid subscriptions for its news products in the week after the
In the new political drama titular lobbyist explains how to win in You have to play your last trump she right after your opponents play their last trump card. Set for release on the film is filled with echoes of rhetoric straight from the campaign trail. But in the aftermath of J. presidential has the story of a tough woman trying to make a difference in been overtaken by current The filmmakers acknowledge that their project plays very differently than it would have had defeated Trump. But they say they control how will be perceived by and critics in light of the election outcome. is a movie predicated on the idea of the John Madden in said last week. few developments could have been more surprising than the election results. For some in being upended can be a very pleasurable where in real life it often In the is a ruthless conservative lobbyist who takes on the National Rifle Association and tries to get legislation passed. going to see the film differently through the prism of and it depends on which side of that argument you come Madden said. these are such extraordinarily fluid and provocative times in the world that interest in the political process is either completely exhausted or extremely And Ms. argued in a think the movie is going to play to either side of the debate. about a bipartisan and a bipartisan A drama about a divisive issue represents a gamble in the and the odds against may have increased since victory. sure very nervous to be releasing a movie with an explicit political theme when the whole political landscape has suddenly said the film historian Peter the author of Raging who has not seen the movie. An unexpected resonance with headlines can cut either way for a prospects. China became a hit in 1979 after an accident at the Three Mile Island power plant in moved issues to the forefront. In more recent acts of mass violence may have depressed domestic turnout for films like Good Day to Die released in 2013 after the school shootings. The longtime observer and author Mark at a who has seen said current events outrun its story in one scene. a kind of wishfulness to the movie in that it assumes there are still scandals that could potentially demolish said. a climactic moment in the movie that is premised on the belief that people will be shocked by right in front of them. After this last not sure Perhaps wish fulfillment the worst marketing strategy for the story of a woman trying to enact huge changes in people will feel some Ms. said. see this movement happening now of minorities and other people who were surprised by the and the film works very well for them. like their fantasy world of Madden concurred. film is an act of he said. idea that a piece of gun legislation actually gets onto the table is far away from anything we can for the foreseeable or even in the last eight years. So in that it is a An experienced female insider whose ethics are Miss bears a passing resemblance to While that the Ms. on behalf of her description of a nasty was originally meant as an then women claimed it and to be strong and ruffle Ms. said. is a nasty because for a nasty woman is a powerful woman who is for a knows what is ambitious and not afraid to step Whatever its commercial proud of the Ms. said. is a good representation of a woman a really good at her and vicious and you can still root for her in the The Madden has other reasons for optimism. When he attended a screening of the film the night after the was quite astounded there was anybody in the he said. my those of us who were not happy with the vote wandered around like zombies for three trying to understand the landscape we found ourselves in. I somehow imagined that might be true here. But people came to the and they found it a
Senator office is much as he left with a full of hummus and an heavy on bluegrass and classic rock. The trademark harmonicas have been at least for his audience shrinking from a spellbound national electorate to a spirited weekday gathering of the Chamber of Commerce. And his campaign It was this past week to deliver the United States soccer team to a match in with only one lingering reminder an H on the tail of the first female presidential nominee for a major party in history and the affable running mate who traveled the country making her case. like feet on the said with a smile this past suggesting he was not dwelling on the trappings of temporary fame. He boarded an elevator in the basement of the nowhere to go but up. Such is view from the great election comedown of that quadrennial moment of electoral grieving and reverse culture foisted upon members of the losing ticket as they resume less glamorous public lives. Secret Service agents are reassigned. Media scrums migrate elsewhere. The junior senator from as it turns a heartbeat away from very little. Yet as and his party seek to regain their bearings after a stunning he has identified at least one task for himself in the taking his as in the wall of opposition to J. Trump. Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is on the train right said this past adding that the levers of obstruction must be used avoid a he added. use it to avoid something really bad for the Though fellow including aides to have long trumpeted appeal to multiple constituencies given his fluency in genial manner and eloquence on matters of faith his role in the future is unclear. Progressive activists have emerged from the election with a conviction that new voices must be elevated. who is up for in said that he would not seek the presidency or vice presidency in 2020. Liberal stars like Senator Warren of and Senator Sanders of have delivered rousing addresses about the way forward. No one is clamoring for a revolution. But as Senate Democrats gird for bruising policy squabbles and confirmation hearings in a Trump they are expected to look to with particular urgency on foreign affairs. A member of the Foreign Relations and Armed Services from a state with a major military has made foreign policy a priority of his first term in the Senate. He has seized especially the issue of war breaking with President by calling for Congress to provide authorization for military action against the State. Among his as he sought to galvanize There is no telling who might be president down the line. maybe erratic foreign his leadership is more Senator Brown of said of we were sad to lose he referring to prospects in the executive branch. we wanted to lose purpose in recent days has seemed at times more therapeutic than strategic. With emotions still he supplied a measure of catharsis for devastated supporters as he introduced before her concession speech. He said what chose not to that she had won the popular vote suggesting that the ideals remained resonant despite the outcome. And he channeled to appraise the collective Democratic psyche. killed they whooped us Among losing running mates through the soul searching has assumed different forms. After the Republican defeat in H. tried to lift the spirits of his despondent Bob the with an ice cream outing. After a loss in former Vice President went on to be nominee for president in and lost 49 states to announced her resignation as governor eight months after she and Senator John lost the 2008 election. who has communicated occasionally with since the is accustomed to jarring transitions. He recalled the day of his inauguration as governor of in 2010. take you and they drop you off and then they drive he said. had the same feeling this time. Shaking hands with everybody was very but watching the cars drive I had an immense feeling of His most a debate with Vice Mike attracted a smattering of who chafed at his repeated interruptions of his opponent Mostly cultivated an unpretentious image during the introducing comedy viewers to his assemblage of which remain in his and urging voters to choose a president instead of a president. He often took the stage with a flurry of like a coach flashing proving proficient at vigorous fist pumps and seemingly indiscriminate He once described life as a as being entourage felt cool on he said this past it was never me. So this is more Senator L. Democrat of said he expected little change from the very colleague he had come to know before the election. did express a measure of concern about health. said. needs to gain a little weight back. He lost too much weight. But get back to his fighting
THE BAD PLUS This crashingly heroic trio on on King on drums revives some proven old strategies on That released this deftly familiar songs by popular figures ranging from Prince to Johnny Cash to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. At 9 Rough Trade 64 North Ninth CHICK AT THE BLUE NOTE through with some recently turned and decided to celebrate with a big an club in a variety of formats. play piano duets with several luminous partners this Brad and On and team up with a longtime the vibraphonist and the String Quartet. For a full visit At 8 and Blue 131 West Third 212-475-8592. THE LAST LEGENDARY MUSIC is a revered percussionist from a cornerstone and exemplar of the pulse since the also and planning to make his final performance in a gala concert celebrating his legacy. Among those paying tribute are the singer and the guitarist and vocalist both from the Bobby Big led by the drummer and assorted like the saxophonist and flutist At City West 135th Street and Convent TRIO WITH The pugnacious and resourceful pianist drew from childhood memories of the television cartoon for the title of his new He also drew on shared regional enlisting two prominent guitarists who also hail from the the former and who joins him here. At and Jazz 116 East 27th HEADS OF STATE through The cumulative wisdom of this collective comprising the saxophonist the pianist the bassist and the drummer Foster simmers well throughout the work on record. It should do the same this in the club where the band first formed. At 9 and 2751 at 106th AT This weekly series typically features two bands in upholding a high bar for quality. But next installment looks especially with a first set at 9 featuring on Street on bass and on drums. Then at the alto saxophonist spearheads a trio with on bass and Smith on drums. At 667 Fifth at 20th Park AND THE BANDWAGON through the pianist and is coming to the close of another banner year as a concert an interdisciplinary collaborator and the force behind his own label. The his trio with the bassist and the drummer still represents his and this engagement at the Vanguard has become a cherished staple of this time of year. At and Village 178 Seventh Avenue at 11th West MARIA ORCHESTRA through except on This peerless large ensemble won two Awards in best large jazz ensemble album for one of last standout and best instruments and for a track made with Bowie. The accolades only begin to account for the high standard of artistry in the which begins with Ms. tonally emotionally lucid compositions always the primary feature of this customary residency at the Jazz Standard. At and 116 East 27th SWING REVOLUTION IN The Jazz at Center Orchestra pays homage to the heyday of the performing music by Duke and Fletcher a trumpeter in the will take the reins for these which also include dancing by Pasta and the Rhythm At 8 Rose P. Rose Jazz at 60th Street and MOODY JAZZ FESTIVAL This stylistically varied jazz presented by the New Jersey Performing Arts concludes its edition this weekend with a strong focus on singers. Among the highlights is On A Brown an concert organized by the bassist with guests including the soul and Lee Fields at 8 Prudential A tribute to one of will feature again with another batch of and at And brings the International Jazz Vocal with some of the names just mentioned serving as judges 3 At 1 Center QUINTET through is a pianist from who has contributed as much as anyone to modernist jazz. is a leading saxophonist in the and one of the great of his time. They have been on tour for the last week with this rhythmically advanced featuring on on percussion and on drums. At and 11 315 West 44th
It would be easy to miss the mosque in a temporary building with a concrete floor and corrugated roof. But it is impossible to miss the constellation of six loudspeakers atop a giant metal structure resembling the Tower. Five times a starting well before these loudspeakers broadcast the call to prayer in a city of and near International and therein lies one more friction point in a country full of them. One expression of faith is noise and government is planning a crackdown. A proposal backed by Prime Minister and initially endorsed this week by his ministers would authorize the government to ban the use of loudspeakers by mosques and other houses of worship across For many on both sides of the sectarian few questions could prove more provocative than whether the muezzin should be muzzled. call to prayer is a symbol of said the imam of the one of several that have been controversial here. is something existed for 1,426 He said that he could hear bells from a church in town and that residents drove around the city every couple of months broadcasting from loudspeakers on their vehicles. call of every if you get rid of bother he added. And yet it does. Among those bothered is who is and announced last month that the city would broadcast the a central prayer that begins O to counter the call. The first of five daily prayers begins before noted Col. a member of Parliament who introduced the new ban. goal of the law is to prevent sleep from being he said. have no desire to harm the prayer of the The fight over the muezzin underscores a fundamental societal challenge for beyond its conflict with living in or the occupied West Bank. About 20 percent of citizens are and cities like where about a third of the nearly 73,000 residents are perennially struggle to find a comfortable balance. The conflict has also grown in which is divided between largely and communities. The proposed approved on by ministers and sent to has drawn denunciations from and the Authority. In a sign of the complexity of the it drew surprise opposition on from health who temporarily blocked parliamentary debate and sent the issue back to the ministers because it might also affect the use of sirens to announce the beginning of the Sabbath. a leader of the members of the or said was inflaming sentiments. the muezzin law passes the I call on the public in to rise I call for a civil popular he told a television outlet. must be called to protect to defend the calls from the of the Fund a nonprofit organization that promotes coexistence between and said the proposal conflicted with recent drive to increase investment in communities to reduce gaps in educational and economic opportunities. see those two conflicting trends yet which basically tells me that the establishment still made up its mind in regard to its he said. do we want from the Do we want to really integrate it and include it as an integrated part of The text of the proposed ban on mosque loudspeakers says that of thousands of in parts of habitually and daily from loud and unreasonable noise that is caused by the call of muezzin from Colonel said it could be narrowed to apply only to sleeping hours. has said he is trying to balance competing interests. is committed to freedom for all but is also responsible for protecting citizens from he said this week. In which traces its history to the days of frustration over the mosques has grown as more residents have moved in since the evacuation of settlements in a decade ago. There is already a noise law on the but advocates of the new legislation said it was not applied to the muezzin. someone is having a karaoke party with loudspeakers at night and you call the they will come and take down the said a member of the City Council. if you call about the they Under existing the police must test the level of the call to prayer or of any noise to see if it exceeded the limit. The new law would simply ban loudspeakers. At the call to prayer was broadcast on at and The tension over the loudspeakers was easy to detect in a visit to a clothes and jewelry market a few blocks away. Several shoppers and salespeople said that they did not mind the call during daylight but that the earliest one invariably woke them up. Some described trying to muffle the noise with curtains or often to little effect. who moved to about five years said the call made it hard for her and her daughter to sleep through the night. say they do but not so she said. who was selling was more pointed. do it intentionally loud in order to bother he said. A few feet a group of vendors said the proposal to limit the muezzin was a slap in the face to them. They noted that the call to prayer had been sounded in since long before came to power. hate for said 22. are people who are against said the authorities should focus on crime and violence instead of things that could discourage prayer. a good because people come to pray instead of shooting each other in the she said. keeps people As they the afternoon call to prayer sounded. No one looked up. After a few it was the latest trumpet in culture war.
In the week since J. election as president of the United much has been written about the potential conflicts of interest a sitting president with a global business may encounter other Less has been paid to the even fuzzier situation of the close family members of a sitting and their business interests though on it became clear that this is another potential at least when it comes to the first daughter Trump and a brand that is largely built on her image. A group of including reporters at The New Times and received an email from Trump Fine the upscale brand Ms. Trump founded in entitled and touting Trump wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection on The a bracelet that costs on her was clearly pictured on her wrist during her interview with her stepmother and grown siblings with on night. Such emails are not uncommon among fashion which tend to trumpet every celebrity sighting in their products to the world at large. What was different about this was that it came not from the communications but from the vice president for the person in a brand who would generally work with a wholesale partners Ms. stores such as in and and Son in And that after pointing out the it urged recipients to share this with your In other it used Ms. appearance by her side to directly promote the selling of her products. When the vice said am not available for and when asked if she had sent the hung up the phone. But a day president of the Trump notification was sent by a marketing employee at one of our companies who was following customary and like many of is still making adjustments We are discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going This is not the first time Ms. brands have used her role in her political career for marketing purposes. In Ms. Trump wore a dress from her own collection to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention also wore her own brand shoes and The next her company tweeted out a picture of her from the podium with the words look from her and a link to the where a similar style from the brand was offered. The dress reportedly sold out in a day. At the the decision was met with some even though the stakes were lower. Trump has stated that his children will have no formal roles in his White because they will be running his and there is no law that prohibits presidential relatives from continuing their own though Section 713 of Title 18 of the United States Code forbids the use of likenesses of the presidential seal for promotional purposes. Ms. Trump has not come close to but the appearance is still ethically blurred. Whether or not Ms. Trump knew of the bracelet email before it was her name is still on the top of the alert. In the attempts by relatives to profit from a connection to a such as Billy introduction of Billy Beer during his brother and the creation of Roger during his half brother terms in were roundly deemed inappropriate. The tension between Ms. position on her transition team and her but role as a representative of women and the younger generation in his and the fact that she is her own best ad and her brand is thus understandably using her as a makes the issue even more and it underscores her status in the public eye and the amount of attention she will incur. The question now is how she uses it.
Since 23 the choice to leave the Union has been debated in largely as if it were a reflexive action something the nation does to itself. But must also be understood transitively something this country does to other countries. domestic considerations dominate the especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of as had occasion to remember on a trip to last week. The secretary met Guy the former prime minister who will represent the parliament in the divorce must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to anything. No leader welcomes the imposition of on to an already difficult agenda. the and all hold elections next year in which solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in next week could destroy the government there. The debt crisis is in not cured. This context makes the negotiating position weaker in two ways. embattled governments are disinclined to make time for concerns. a perception that is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole project strengthens the feeling that cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of unilateral That is the view taken by the lead who also met said the encounter was a granted at the request a formulation that underlines refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is is a tendency in to caricature as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But cannot be understood as one deal between the and the because the itself is a negotiated entity a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a is also a complacent habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly diplomacy in ad hoc deals. vastly overestimated capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of who think that economic interests the need to retain access to markets for exporters will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all and in place on the integrity of the project. It does not matter that stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading any is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations make any sense without recognition that the rest of the perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord the former diplomat who helped draft article sagely advised ministers this week to let consider a green paper explaining the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various equation of for has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by as anguished cries from an unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world But the former prime observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in and that their opinions might is unarguably true. As the talks draw it will become clearer that the is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough on on via on on on on on this content
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving and a northern in the be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the news and features with our journalists below the but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email or with or continue the conversation where also be checking in. Have a great from us leave you with random hugs all 25 2016 you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion one thing that's worth hanging on met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types they're alright if you know how to take can be a bit weird and intense about some but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice if you're coming home from work and you spot a give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or you just do Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the was to censor videos of sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the how and The new porn restrictions explained Read place in a free and open 23 2016 sort of censorship has no place in a free and open should be free to consume whatever material they regardless of how distasteful others may find provided all subjects involved are performing with of hilariously 23 2016 only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to hilariously was even pushing for this to 23 2016 so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show drug use and how about sports like it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass completely and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is 24 2016 the hell kind of a category is Who gets to define When it comes to government should not be in the business of regulating what is or just what is do you Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. for one reader paved with gold 25 2016 experience in living in for short periods in Green and was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of in seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in in where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in like In Fabric had its revoked following the deaths of two who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months after an impressive campaign from the nightlife the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read deal was struck between the Met and council. not plain sailing Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning enhanced covert surveillance within the lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still a approach to drugs in clubs be is probably impossible to ever over anything such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside. will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for management. On a more positive the nightlife community has never seemed more focused and closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to do you feel that nightlife has been Leaving the north of England for for the only way to find work that is according to a new study that says there is a from the with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last great northern brain daydream about moving Read shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the and there was lively debate after it was published many of you also telling stories of moving the other great for the up north is better for an 21 2016 in one of the suburbs at the end of the Met most of my life. Loved the the the the culture up miss the things that make great. Don't miss the the the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up love the great for the up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic need to get their out of 21 2016 need to get their OUT of All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small office that they share with other and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their money on wages and and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me love to move back to 21 2016 love to move back to The reminder that our mayor is a former Gay just made me well up with pride. An liberal city with character. Problem is looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south. The front page of the Guardian 5 May 1821. Frank Baron for the Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back 21 2016 Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication there is no good reason to be in Sell the Guardian building and rent inexpensive offices up the survival of the Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in one more presumably from the West 21 2016 other week there was a piece about the number of moving out to It wasn't a brain drain so presumably they were all going in that do you think have you made the Would If you from the have you noticed a similar debate about to or from the And on that publicity is bad point raised by another reader 25 2016 there no such thing as bad publicity for the election because of the huge animosity to it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows and already he is moderating his tone and output. 25 2016 is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being is a bit like being a or A couple of your comments on Trump vs the 25 2016 he's the media are within the Trump let's report on Pence getting booed at you clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and let's report disproportionately on and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election. 25 2016 people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the we're never going to get back to more progressive regard to this quoted passage above the it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Trump and the everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the did his tactics mortally wound the fourth Read the had released a video direct to camera on setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump using the power of social media to bypass news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the people. What doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold fact and fairness to name but three. Don Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for 25 2016 I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw is no such thing as bad He does not mind upsetting in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out or the latest group he they are still talking about Trump. After the shocking some might say results of election this year in the US and can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the Electing a misogynist as leader of the world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are we can find strength from working together. Trump is a vile misogynist but he's not the only one Read can feminist activists in China inspire women in What can women teach us about fighting the state for human How can college students in and the US support each other to stop sexual times of solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we agree with. be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series. A few of you have been responding to our colleague thoughts below on cat 25 2016 Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his Thanksgiving just heal 25 2016 think that trumps mo is pretty clear make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn on those terms will wear thin very quickly vagues 25 2016 like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this a couple more views on the questions raised by 25 2016 people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted in the and the ones who offer the number of votes you feel that has not worked for them or their communities. either try to understand this and move and be ready for when the opportunity inevitably or you can just carry on blaming for calling people stupid and never regain political power. 25 2016 think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question be better off outside the We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning what Trump was tweeting about last news We regret to inform you that the of the US has been tweeting again seems completely unprecedented to have the of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his or that the New Times is or that thinking about appointing this person or that person to a also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a cat where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something Another thought from a reader on that 25 2016 we too quick to blame for primarily because we haven't Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving in this open was your Thanksgiving fraught with election Read more Whatever your is not going away perhaps even any time soon in line with that picture of former prime minister the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John recent case for second referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to question below share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation 25 2016 we too quick to blame for may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum which a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame 25 2016 we too quick to blame for Five months there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the The Lib are the only major party in and Wales opposing and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures. in 2005. Remember Images 25 2016 seems to me that May et are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was it was political it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And are to blame for not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. voters are to blame for being gullible and 25 2016 we too quick to blame for In fairness it's not a new trend newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the the families who are just managing. maybe even more nothing at all for the more for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people even though it is the biggest single cause of the crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read just when it seemed things be along came the Institute for Fiscal analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by for most families pay would only just be back at the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row also known as judging was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the wing. Or do you think they have a Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame for everything the other economies are not exactly And is it legitimate for the to keep fighting for what we believe or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with Hello everyone. looking forward to starting our weekly where we gather with readers to discuss the top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything let us know in the comments or by
be clear about second referendums. There are ones and ones. A bad one is a desperate attempt by the government of the day and its allies to negate a first referendum it did not like. This was by and It which is why the now supported by Tony likes the idea. Such a referendum was at least better than in where a vote against the treaty was simply ignored by the established with consequences that may yet prove good second referendum is quite different. It seeks approval for whatever deal is reached as a result of the first one. It seeks to take forward the first not negate fury in some quarters that greeted the vote on last swiftly morphed into a demand that voters be immediately as if they would then repent the error of their ways. It was the arrogance of the old politics on laughably led by certain members of the House of Lords. It showed how thin is respect for democracy on the left in comes a different question. The referendum said yes to the the and May rightly accepted that as they said they would. The divorce would proceed without hope of divorce is a clumsy metaphor. countries do not marry and divorce. They become more or less hence the shorthand of and There is a world of difference between these two outcomes so much so that pundits vie with each other in claiming the impossibility of world must go on. At some point some sort of however will have to be done between and the There is no such thing as a wall in the Channel. Certainly the May government could fail in its negotiation. It could seek a general election mandate that could trump the referendum. But that is not a second when tempers have a deal will be reached that removes the from the institutions of the but trade and population movement. The likelihood is that such a deal would anger the more than the but either way it would be controversial. As it would best be authenticated by a second would not be an attempt to reverse the first merely to validate its outcome. It would be a second on on via on on on on on this content
is the critic and right. In many a more accurate portrait of the heterogeneous United States than any film or play could hope to be. At more than 600 episodes and 28 the scope of the show has been huge and over two the cable network will air every episode of the show ending on 7 picked the 25 best episodes of its lengthy run for your concentration of incredible writing talent in the golden years means that a lot of these are from the same few seasons in the but they remain remarkably and uncomfortably accurate in their portrayal of the huge swath of that gets lost in the cracks in so much coastal Homer the Heretic Twitter God visits Homer in a dream to tell him cool with him if Homer stays home from church to watch football. skips giving him the time to make his patented moon waffles waffle liquid win a radio and watch the Three all while his family is freezing in church listening to Rev read a passage from Lamentations of long brief atheism ends after a brush with death and a rescue led by among others. one of the few full scripts by lead rewrite guy for the classic and arguably his with a core of surprising seriousness about religion. And a cameo by God by the has five fingers to the rest of vs the Monorail Twitter and with everything vs the Monorail is a heartfelt character study this time of whose saves the town from a as were all the hucksters during its glory by who sells the town a bunch of empty promises about new jobs and great infrastructure projects and delivers a dangerously unstable monorail system. is one of the great a charmer who knows how to pander to laziness community script by is filled with great notably noodling to the tune of the theme from The Homer the greatest guy in From the town of about to hit a chestnut tree. Much About Nothing Twitter needs the infinite compassion of when got Tom Cruise and staring at me from Entertainment Weekly with their dead portrayal of has drawn criticism as the series has outlived the conventions that gave birth to but if the accusations of lazy racial humor ever go to Exhibit A for the defense will be Much About Nothing. The episode is a heartfelt ode to the immigrant peerless. After a bear menaces wanders around Evergreen corrupt Mayor raises taxes to pay for an unnecessary bear and then decides to blame immigrants for the tax hike and holds a referendum on whether they ought to be deported. The referendum passes and who is in the country has to scramble for his citizenship. having repented of his vote to deport his gives him disastrously bad advice on how to pass his citizenship one a harsh poke at people who reflexively blame their woes on immigrants and refuse to learn their own history. Taken pure Or Enemy Twitter I stress enough how much Frank Grimes likes to be called surprisingly various life is the subject of more than a few throwaway gags throughout the series at one point lists all his various at all the times been arrested but one character is utterly vexed by his good fortune Frank or as he likes to be played by Hank has had to fight for everything ever had. ability to coast through seems like a personal insult. Things just get better from for at episode is written by John one of the writers and such a recluse that one theory holds that he exist at all. A fellow disagreed in a 2001 New Times feature on the show by the critic this is the best writer in the world today in any Twitter Principal This dessert is exquisite. What do you call Applesauce. Grade School exactly the writers give themselves permission to more or less totally abandon the family of the title is a matter for much scholarly but arguably the two richest characters during the most fertile period are and teacher and the naive principal are a perfect match for each comically and and as their relationship blossoms before a horrified the show finds odd pathos among two embittered public servants who suddenly realize amid their that they actually have each You Only Move gets a new job in a town far away from the madness of working for an innovative company in a planned community where is is included at and is pampered. It turns out none of the family wants any of those or at least not enough to want to lose the ability to complain about not having them. a lovely journey of punctuated by hints then clear warnings then explicit demonstrations of something Homer probably should have picked up new Hank excellent is a mad scientist bent on world the is devastated when she visits the petting zoo and realizes that the food on her plate and the animal in the zoo are one and the same. Homer care less about where his meals come from but he loves his even when she goes much too far and ruins his barbecue. It sounds but it also has some of the best notably a Meat Council propaganda film the students watch to dispel wild rumors vegetarians might be In We the series goes The develops something its writers call in which its various plots and subplots become increasingly disconnected from each other and themselves. There may be no purer expression of plot drift than In We in which accidentally usurps the blas Rev pastoral role in the church and Homer seeks the answer to one of great why is his head pictured on a box of the discovers that the was in fact a bloodthirsty pirate named and she sets about showing the townspeople the error of their ways. There are a lot of good episodes in the but this one is particularly the so often at finds itself united against the Homer because he loves his daughter and lots of stuff he because she loves her dad and thinks knows better than the greatest show of all Easy. The Read Gets an a lot of unexpectedly stuff with in The and in the earliest episode on the perhaps the saddest moment is his breakdown in front of his teacher tried this I really he having failed her class by a single point. is as good as I could do but I still The episode has a great turn from as as the embittered but teacher most of us had somewhere along the A of the funniest of The is also one of the Kirk and Van call it quits after years of marriage. The consequences are Kirk loses his job at the cracker starts dating an and begins to lash out. Unusually for the the show end with the Van getting back together Kirk does his best to win his wife but sick of him. the shaken by the dissolution of a marriage so close to who find Homer the turns out and are in a secret club very much like the from which they get special perks. Homer wants of course and when he he discovers that the called the are basically the with a catchy theme song into the controls the Who keeps the metric system We We I Love discovers something we all discover sooner or sometimes someone loves you and you love them back. In this case the dim but wonderful to whom no one but is kind enough to give a card on Day. eventually has to shut and the moment is captured on says while watching the replay. can actually pinpoint the second when his heart rips in Deep Space discovers a its astronauts enough. Homer picks the right moment to call the administration to complain about its space and been feeling down anyway he was due to win Employee of the which his union contract guarantees him at least once of gross obesity or rank but the plant gave the prize away to an inanimate carbon rod. Homer makes it into where he nearly wrecks but worry the rod saves the day. Twitter 15. El quest to be the toughest guy at the contest leads him to consume insanity peppers. The peppers send him on a vision quest to learn who his soul mate is. Is it or someone The psychedelic with surprisingly guest star Johnny Cash as gives the show some of its most beautiful animation to date. And the reconciliation between Homer and at the end is genuinely Flaming gives a drink recipe that makes bar the hottest spot in town and takes all the credit. There are amazing moments throughout this notably the title sequence but the standout has to be calling and asking to ask around for a who answers the phone. this is hi. What can I do for look. level with mister. This is a crank call that sorta and like to bail out right now. All better luck next time. hangs What a nice young Sideshow Bob Bob calls Birch a character legally distinct from Rush to complain about his treatment in prison and ends up running for mayor against winner a notoriously corrupt politician pilloried by as as anyone been watching the news remain terminally curious about the devil they and start competing snowplow Homer after tricked into buying a plow with the insurance money he collected after totaling his after asking Homer how he became a success. service trumps not least because agrees to star in an ad for the service. been looking for a project to do together for a Homer and eventually proclaiming that not even God can stop them now. 19. Mother mom whom his dad always told him had mysteriously shows up and under circumstances that cause and to suspect that she might be a con artist. The truth is more as is relationship with The family has to unite to save from the same forces that have kept her away for so a funny but it may have the saddest ending of any single show in the the writes a check to his the in the hopes of getting the signature off the only to discover has signed with a stamp for his Cayman Islands holding corporation. he goes to the bank to complain and sees hunted down for tax whereupon the embattled entertainer fakes his own combination of bizarre celebrity parody and humor is perfectly from the banker who discuss that illegal to Handsome the bizarre little man who dances for nickels at Sea Captain Homer vs the 18th Prohibition. When outlaws alcohol after the spectacle of a drunken shocks the populace at a St Day Homer decides to take matters into his own hands and start a distillery and a distribution network. It even the most inventive Homer has ever and his operation outside the law gives him the jump on the actual Duff who decide to try beer. 22. of Horror hard to pick one of but this one stands season electoral or as news anchor calls Flips a The episode is probably best remembered for its best line blame I voted for a riff on the for bumper stickers that a bitter half of plastered to their cars. But other good stuff like and accidental creation of a tiny which she visits in shrunken 22 Short Films About another episode that starts off as a parody and goes somewhere wholly mimicking the checkerboard structure of hits like Pulp Short Cuts and of course 32 Short Films About The episode features 22 stories by 11 notably a look into Bumblebee home and an exchange between Skinner and Superintendent about whether or not house is on fire. Trash of the Martin as Ray the sanitation commissioner Homer decides to oust using good dirty tricks politicking and insults. reasons for doing literally everything in this episode are terrible he insults the garbage collectors for no runs against entirely because he want to and when he doubles down on all his crazy promises so he have to back off on either. 25. Clown in the touching 2014 episode with the trademark wry take on a serious in this the death of an elderly parent. Like most worries disappointed his like most he takes a while to comes to terms with it and with also worth including for the unbelievably beautiful long intro sequence by legendary animator Don who shares with us visions of The in its know you do the season in the year 10,535. on on via on on on on on this content
Into the debate about how technology affects our human comes exciting news from announces a new romantic comedy promising to examine illusion of choice and just how hard it is to find the right person in a sea of Its Love in the Time of Dick then this is no for few industries crofting at a push are as fundamentally as film. For all the about special when it comes to the digital the movies refuse to televise. they lobby endlessly against it. Even the most contemporary insist meeting cute always beats swiping right. It was inevitable the enthusiast in How to be Single would fall for the owner of the bar she frequents for its free put money on the heroine of Dick finding Right round the rather than amid the genital films supply apocalyptic visions of a which usually conclude with a forced yet ultimately happier return to a age. Cerebral dramas such as Ex Her and caution that emotional investment in artificial intelligence is a slipway to La Land Gosling and Stone shine in a musical masterpiece Read such the is nicking business both by enabling people to watch films at home and by dangling an attractive alternative pastime. Worse it kills stories. Screenwriters must concoct loopholes so plots still hold water. For all that was required was a quick mention of how reception can be a bit patchy in this part of the what with that murderer. Now everything must be set all plots are for a start. Wondering if that fella is totally Verification only takes a second with of that is inherently compared to a car chase or beach clinch. No language to cope with that fact has yet been or ever may be. A few films do still have a pop at software into their narratives. In out early next tracks down his family in with the help of Maps. But most have put themselves in reverse gear and slammed down the pedal. Nostalgia is their both in setting and aesthetic. La La Land the musical that will win the for best picture next spring just a hymn to it looks like a and Ginger had had stubble and Rogers driven a The best compliment has said received about upcoming war epic Hacksaw Ridge like the way they used to make I mean like back in the And they like back in the like ancient brag about the credibility afforded by aping the ancient. Out this week is the spy thriller its star Brad calls throwback to the old when see people in cars and see the rear and you know just sitting on a has said similar about his new gangster Live by ditto Warren with his screwball biopic Rules question will this work with anyone outside hatches will find such I suspect not. For evidence mounts that we are all reacting against the effects of tech even as our addiction to the technologies themselves persists. Weaning ourselves is all but impossible. And we cannot simply maintain as does. But we do seek to in form and two new were unveiled. One is an extension to Maps which feeds in live data to tell you how busy shops and are. The the Catholic is an interactive church designed for those who need to fast. Already dubbed this official product aims to boost mass numbers and confession stats by offering companion that guides you through the digital noise and leads you to a sacred and shopping have long been well served by the now spiritual and solitude are getting in on the act. Yet both are antidotes more than attempts to slam the brakes on what can seem like an relentless gallop into a terrifying one of the most famous scenes in Love in the Time of a chap impulsively a can of red paint that was within reach of the his index and scrawls the words pussy is on his with helpful arrow. Whether Dick can hit such romantic heights remains to be seen. But I bet try. Seeing someone get their hands dirty will always trump watching them twiddle their on on via on on on on on this content
are grumpy at being frozen out by average height reported the Telegraph on At this time of newspapers like to trumpet a or something to similar effect. This it has been reported that a pantomime company is choosing to employ taller actors in a production of Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs as they charge lower rates than actors with with dwarfism deserve respect not ridicule Read am an actor and I have but not grumpy. actually never played one of the seven always wanted to be more progressive in my approach to acting smashing societal expectations rather than conforming to them. But my personal and I judge no actor for doing Snow are an estimated 6,000 people with dwarfism in the Despite how it can appear in the most are not entertainers or actors. They have jobs and the same hopes and aspirations as the rest of the population. finding a person with dwarfism who is a professional actor with the experience and the talent looking for is not easy. Rarity and lack of availability should make it no surprise that actors with in a production of Snow White and the Seven can command a higher rate. And not forget they are a significant part of the marketing of the not to say that I have issues with Snow White. Not with the play itself when the characters are and played by talented actors who are allowed to wonderful. But it has somehow become many only experience of someone with so much so that many believe this play is the only thing do. When I tell people I am an actor often their automatic assumption. Many with dwarfism also experience this assumption from will do but I choose to play roles not traditionally played by a person with dwarfism. My first role was as Tinker Bell in Peter Pan and this year in Hackney Sleeping Beauty. Is my height exploited by these roles or does it enrich Every actor brings their body to a role. I leave being a dwarf behind whatever I I will be a person with dwarfism doing it. But when characters are well dynamic and what excites me as an actors need to be allowed to play characters with their disabilities present but in productions where their disabilities are not the sole focus. I have bigger dreams for actors from diverse communities. Look at the awesome playing in and are among a slow trickle of actors with disabilities appearing on stage and had all the insults. Now reclaiming the language of disability Penny Pepper Read hiring people with dwarfism to play the seven in this case seems to be a financial choice on behalf of the entertainment group. We be indirectly mocked by an actor on their knees. And nothing offends me more than an adult actor with dwarfism being replaced by a child. about us without has long been the call to action of minority groups. We want to be included. Excluding us leads to mistakes in how we are represented and discriminates against us by shutting us removal of disabled people and difference from public employing people to our happens all the time. Take the Snow White and the Huntsman which used computer graphics to replicate a specific condition most commonly as giving those who have it a look. Other disabilities are also experiencing look at cast to portray Hawking in the recent should Snow be played by actors with Definitely. But should also be playing other such as the princess and dame. And people with including are about more than just Disabled people should be on our stages and and not solely defined by our on on via on on on on on this content
the major almost all the campaign reporting focused on the candidates and polls. Almost nobody bothered to talk to the voters. The the biggest even have a beat any more and seldom sends reporters outside the metro area. Yet this was where the election was Reading your article rust belt strikes 21 I was reminded of the great days when the Guardian and other major papers had northern desks and northern a lifelong Guardian reader and supporter who was born in and has lived in the north all my 72 years. In my day job as a comedian and I saw what was happening to the great industrial cities and smaller towns from the ports of Hull and to the coal towns of the from rust belt cities like and to the cotton towns of of that managed decay and decline was understood inside the bubble. A kind of cognitive dissonance settled on the media. A few documentaries and the occasional opinion piece appeared over the years but there were no howls of no shock at the millions north of the line dumped by laissez unfettered capitalism. The referendum was won by snake oil millionaire salesmen who convinced the benighted of the post industrial wastelands that the problem was not The media see this coming fixated on polls and personalities and with no real presence north of they a clue what was happening in the wastelands and Guardian and other major media voices need to build a northern a a and a presence. They need feet on the street and ears in the pubs and clubs and they need writers who understand the lives of the people that they are among. Otherwise we will end up in a JG world where shadowy figures stumble round a decayed hinterland snug in their rural fortresses and southern the higher orders sleep safe. And as for that much trumpeted get me started ask the man or woman on the Bury tram what he or she thinks about it and the answer will be a colloquial term for on on via on on on on on this content
Senator has said the government has a of passing the Building and Construction Commission bill and promised to vote for it if amendments were a joint press conference with Nick to trumpet their amendments to one industrial relations that a separate agreement would pass the bill if the government protected pay and changed how the the building code is passes union regulator bill after Coalition concession Read and the Nick Team are presenting the government and opposition with proposed amendments to the some jointly agreed between them. said a deal was not likely this the registered commission bill passed the Senate with One and support after the government agreed to amendments to protect union about the bill later with promising to vote in of it if amendments were made to security of payments such as forcing head contractors to hold money on called for amendments to include incentives to take on and that the building code not apply retrospectively or at least only to apply to workplace deals struck in the past six code attached to the bill would apply to enterprise agreements struck after 24 which gives it retrospective effect because it bars builders from government work based on deals struck before the code was in the bill is not properly amended then not afraid at all to vote it his approach and if the government should be confident the bill would told the press they treat it like they did yesterday they have a good chance of getting it they treat it as they As it stands and after the way we were treated over this it is looking pretty said his positions on the two industrial relations bills were separate and negotiations on the would said wanted security of payments legislation to prevent subcontractors missing out when principal contractors went broke or delayed and for the building code attached to the bill to ensure that standard material is used in our imagine we will come to a final position on that this he told Guardian he was still in talks with the government over his vote on the had asked for reform to section of the Racial Discrimination Act in return for his vote but now says the government deliver as the Greens and some in the Coalition oppose said the government had come up with of reforms to improve freedom to help sway his vote but refused to name I told you what they were I would have to kill you immediately employment told a press conference on she would not comment on ongoing negotiations with the except to say she was with the way they had approached the industrial relations avoid the needs solidarity Van Read Senate question Cash said could not afford lawlessness we continue to see in the building and construction She cited numerous industrial breaches by the Construction Forestry Mining and Energy Union and fines issued by the federal is our industry in and we must do everything we can to ensure it continues to prosper and praised Cash for passage of the registered commission bill. The bill would benefit the economy because it the potential for corruption and and the prime minister seen here is legislation passed that will make it much harder for union officials to abuse the rights of their members misusing their on on via on on on on on this content
For or indeed anyone with an interest in the methods of there was a slightly alarming moment as the Premier League international break arrived at the start of announced he would be going to to rest. He was already exhausted. then. Just the 31 league two domestic one transfer window and 10-15 miles of febrile touchline sprints left to go this season. What could possibly go wrong from is understandable should have arrived in west less than refreshed given his summer at the burdens of starting a major job and his own absorption in the the grief at every the tendency to celebrate each high with haring about like a man who has just struck oil beneath his patio decking or made the first ever recorded discovery of chocolate ice reality is simply a manager who works best coiled tight and always on the edge. In this respect he looks a pretty good fit for a Premier League season where top spot has changed hands nine times and where the ability to cajole a cohesive whole out of a group of players while simultaneously sliding down the banisters and performing complex calculus on an abacus is likely to decide the destiny of an open title just under a third of the season gone four points separate the top five all of whom have a reasonable chance of going on to win it. Beyond this the league is unusually interesting in a tactical with a shared attempt at the top to marry technical players and positional fluidity with a physicality that feels quite in its unquestioning intensity. Twitter pleased as make it six wins in a nipped off for a at the start of there was a view in these pages that any team finishing ahead of at the end of the season would do so and blistered and Six weeks on the latest club to take up the slack at the front of the are to whom the same reasoning might now be applied. current run of six league wins without conceding a goal has its roots in bold shift of shape in The early attempts at a 4-2-4 had already begun to elide into a 4-3-3. Defeat by Arsenal brought some and a more profound change to with discarded and the roles of three key players clarified with thrilling which enter defensive giant. that a player who has had a peculiar damned by his own relentlessly trumpeted mistakes and at the same time rewarded with ever more extravagant playing contracts. During the last World Cup in there was an airline advert that featured a grinning in full outfit proudly inviting you to board his waiting arguably the least reassuring passenger safety message ever yet he has been key to recent not just as a deep at the heart of that three but as the spirited defensive leader he has always been in between the odd horrific performance. Aged 29 the only major club football medal to escape the most expensive defender across three countries is so far a Premier League title medal. Which is fairly steady going for a man routinely dismissed as a flake and a upfield Eden Hazard has been liberated by the allowed to operate in forward gear by a manager who has accepted his lack of cover rather than simply fuming at it like a disappointed In 12 league games Hazard has made 52 successful compared with 89 the whole of last season. He should pass his total of 36 shots in the whole of 2015-16 against on Against that Hazard has made just four tackles. But are and their best player has rediscovered his lateral the ability to take the ball and turn in a single holds back to ensure stays Cox Read has been the most obvious gain. Moses is also the epitome of a common trait among the insurgent managerial the ability to make good use of the things that they recycling some talented but dormant part into a key component. Like fine turn at or tweaking of key creative Moses has been own an itinerant winger and across five clubs before the age of 25 but now in the best period of his career as a powerful and utterly committed right sudden surge of eviscerating sparked by a decisive switch of is nothing new in a team. There are parallels with his first season at in where 14 of his first 27 A matches were drawn but ended up winning the title unbeaten in the league. had been desperate to fit the thrillingly energetic into his team. In late finally made the starting ran through in a new 4-3-3 shape was up and running and was on his way to a of with that year the lack of football looks a significant advantage for There is an idea that the major plus here is to do with fatigue or but managers talk instead of simply having those extra two days to plan and drill their players. Such is the way of the modern coach. In contract with the old idea of winning teams rolling on with the same combinations grooved under it is the tendencies of the modern breed that stand 10 talking points from the action Read is obsessed with the fitness and physicality of his talking constantly with his medical brooding over sprockets and hinges like an pit shifting his team on reports of twinges and twangs. Similarly the nature of coaching has been the tendency to physically haul players around the training something Greenwood could be seen doing at West Ham in the experienced their first little gulp this as set out to defend against a slightly depleted team. Like a batsman who comes out and hits a flurry of then has to change gear as the field drops will now look to to pick up the ones and to hold attacking fire for the right doubt the same process of reeling in and will hit in the coming weeks as opposition managers find a way to get behind the or to harry as did on next two opponents are and City. This evolving team may find life less comfortable against similar fellow But a year on from the last days of they can at least be sure they will not fail for want of thrilling on on via on on on on on this content
Much like the felines from which she draws it would be fair to say that tends to split opinion. For every memory of purring or stylish cat there are those who recall Patience which still stands as one of the most painful renderings of a classic icon in history. Worse the execrable 2004 effort is almost entirely responsible for the view among studio executives that superhero movies are bad for business which in turn is the reason Patty upcoming Wonder Woman will be the first film of its kind to hit multiplexes in more than a might wonder why Sienna Miller is willing to risk her resurgent career on portraying in the new Extended Universe especially given the critical hammering handed out to early efforts Batman v Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad. according to a tweet over the weekend from managing editor of US ticketing site the actor is so keen to pull on the fake leathers that willing to write her own part for upcoming solo movie The Miller told me tonight that she wants to play in Batman movie. not in the script but I wanna write her tweet also suggests has no intention of including the classic in his movie. But that mean she turn up further down the and most likely in a rather different form to the one in which we last saw her on the big in elegant portrayal in The Dark Knight if one thing we do know about the for better or for this is a universe in which superpowers and the supernatural are firmly back on the table following the more realistic rendering of and its inhabitants in films. Any film series that can find room for villains spawned from zombie General and Lex of and an apparently immortal witch Enchantress in Suicide is hardly going to balk at a little feline reincarnation. Expect to see a whose alter ego is once again spawned when she is murdered by her the version know and has that frisson of that has so far been the one defining characteristic. Twitter Is Miller the right woman for the why back in the limelight following a celebrated turn in Sniper and has a role in forthcoming thriller Live By Night. If the does bring back probably want to cast somebody in at least their is as picking anyone younger would be actor should perhaps be however. almost killed only two years after she won an for her performance in Ball. and suffered from taking underwritten roles as and Lane in Dawn of Justice and Suicide but is surely kicking herself for ever agreeing to play gyrating villain Enchantress in the latter. Could superhero movie be trump Read the position on female superheroes is unclear. Will it ultimately adopt the empowering perspective that typified writer pioneering run on or slip into the sexist tropes of the likes of Frank Miller whose defining act on the seminal 1987 graphic novel Year One was to Kyle as a judging by his recent is unlikely to continue the policy of objectification that led to so many complaints about treatment in Suicide and there has been talk of a superhero movie featuring Birds of Poison and Bumblebee. But the jury remains out. Twitter The best versions of over the years have always been sexy but empowered. Bob said he costume on a cat because he wanted the character to be and unreliable as hard to understand as women But as sexist as such a reading seems in it is this wily duplicity that makes so intriguing. She is very much her own kitty with her own compulsions and desires. To unwillingness to toe the line may seem like a mark of but to herself it is simply sensible would surely make a welcome addition to the Let us hope she gets her ninth life on the big screen sooner rather than in on on via on on on on on this content
You have to spend long in bars or cabs around the country to know that nearly every fan thinks he or she would do a better job of selecting the Test team than those presently tasked with doing a role that looks easy from the outside but has time and time again made mugs of cricket sages. Take last three chairmen of selectors. Former Test opener and lawyer seemed and diligent for much of his reign as the last selection boss and brought with him some empathy having been a fringe player in a transitional Test side himself. But he will always be remembered for being railroaded by Cricket marketing into naming a dithering squad for a single home Ashes Test and then losing the series convincingly. was gone from the job within a buried under a of criticism a mountain of overlooked paperwork from his day cricket a genuine new era or merely another Read Cricket finally moved with the times and went for a appointing cerebral and John who appeared at first like one of those existentialist football until he started picking the uninspiring likes of John Hastings and Rob in important home Tests. Those were among a series of that made people forget fortitude in sticking by resurrecting both and while empowering limited overs star For most of his tenure he was viewed as the nutty professor of and a sense of relief greeted his succession by salty and old fashioned Rod all know how that went. Marsh returned as a macho purveyor of common and had long been renowned for calling a spade a spade. Then he caught a glimpse of Marsh. By the second Test of his third summer in one of last great alpha males was huddled behind a glass partition at Oval like some fretful grandfather watching his whole family being operated on by Nick departure from the job might actually have received a little more praise for its selfless and accurate reading of the national lineage of these men and the impacts of their decisions are not often considered in but the concept of the selector as hate figure stretches right back to 1912 and Peter the man who felt national captain wrath during a selection meeting in an office overlooking Martin Place. have been asking for a punch on the jaw all and give you fumed Hill as he lunged across the table and did just his adversary before an impromptu wrestle nearly sent flying out one of the windows. no wonder then that only one prominent selector has ever written at length about his experience in Matters of nor created a definitive manual selectors rarely last long enough and the experience of such a thankless task tends to embitter even hardy souls. himself had once famously made selectors look belting 142 in the Test of 1972-73 in furious reaction to the news been left out of the team for the next Mike once selectors are a bit like families only acknowledged when there is blame to apportion. We hammer them for picking the and of the but then ascribe the successes of our and to the intestinal fortitude and talent of the player not the foresight and courage of the men who identified their ability and then stood by it against prevailing public cricket pick your own Test team and coach Read in the hot seat on a basis is who last held the top job in after a reign in which the toughest decisions were identifying which of Brad Martin or could tag along on overseas tours as a reserve batsman. With the first Test team of his current stint he has certainly entered into the spirit of the national making six which probably would have swelled by another if spinner was fit enough to replace rest of us make up our nor agree on anything close to a consensus team. Only of the 3,439 respondents to a Guardian poll had in their ideal Test and for all the umbrage at wicketkeeper Peter only of respondents gave him the nod as opposed to for Wade a result which contradicts the tenor of comments sections and talk radio chatter around the country when the topic of is only readers established were captain Smith Warner and Josh The between them and every other candidate was drastic came in picked in of and in line with the dramatic overhaul the actual selectors have settled the Guardian voters picked all of Burns and ahead of and which was fair in the latter as we even include the first class rookie among our extensive list of options. were in accord on only one other that flow charts and Sun quotes no longer belong on the team So John received only of the vote for the coaching job. Twitter National selector Mark and chairman of selectors Rod Marsh look on as struggle through day three of the Test. all of this guesswork and debate glosses over grander themes of cricket long perhaps because so hard to fully comprehend at a primarily the structural changes to the game at club and state level in the past two and the legacy of those changes with respect to performances at Test the the rough and tumble path to international cricket was via hardboiled grade the Lord of the Flies world of state second XIs and an uncompromising Shield competition. Yet in the fully managerial age of the this tried and true method was binned off for of and the state the latter of which sounded in a way when it was first but is now being reappraised by some close observers as sitting within the genre of say nobody foresaw the consequences of those dramatic changes to the structure of the game at elite levels. Well into old age was an evangelist for grade virtues and maintained the lifelong habit of checking the papers for the progress of promising batsmen in grade ranks. In 1997 he have never lost the belief that the game completely revolves around the club matches which are the prelude for some to the was also this from in back in when cricket still felt content with There are strains in that are deeper and For much of the cricket for the first grade or district clubs has been the principal talent nursery and social institution... But the reality is that Test players now have precious little to do with their and do promising given the sophistication of youth cricket programs designed to identify and incubate talent. The implications of this steadily attenuating connection between higher and lower with a concentration of riches and resources in the elite game may not be apprehended for a that generation is now upon and the outlook is indeed grim. problems stretch far further down the supply chain than the men whose job it is to formulate the Test team. What is beyond question is that for a good 15 the concepts of and have trumped the traditional measuring sticks of actual output and consistency. Hence in the last decade has picked as its national captain a batsman with only one century to his name in any form of and on elevated another to Test ranks who had not scored more than a single century in a Shield summer since his debut season of 2010-11. In the five summers before this has averaged 35.46 and 39.72 respectively. make six changes in drastic selection for third Test Read the latter type of selection there should be fewer reservations about probing the thought processes of selectors. What can really be expected from at Test and how confident can we be in the soundness of such selection Said on see him as a player of enormous potential. He is definitely a game breaker and if we can get the best out of him at that level as I think we he could be a very important player for us down the game Who watching the at thought this team was crying out for a there any left in Shield The most telling phrase used here was we can get the best out of which is a most unfortunate motif for all of cricket of this era. After has already shown he get the best out of or if he clearly not good enough. will be said at one point on But here was a man also admitting that for all the upheaval wrought on the game in his some things never change. do of course go with your cricket on on via on on on on on this content
Looking for fun on a rainy Try take a globe down to your nearest public space a shopping or a train station and ask people to find the fourth most populous tried it in New and The stroking of chins and scratching of heads. around accompanied by vague hand gestures towards or south in or you may have more luck. But even interest in is muted. In the words of an editor at Penguin being a profoundly important near of I feel our market would need an angle on the being a country of superlatives most populous biggest exporter of numerous commodities dug or grown out of its generous one of the most enthusiastic users of Twitter and also in the words of businessman John the biggest invisible thing on the is despite the of brokers and business consultants who point to young its rapid and its huge market of enthusiastic consumers as reasons for foreign investors to pay it more been hearing those same arguments since I first covered for and the Economist in the late Over the intervening three income in did indeed rise steeply to over five times its level when I first lived there. Having lived through 45 years of virtual are now rowdily is but not as great as or seven and eight times let alone China per capita income is now close to a 26 times its 1985 a country that has such extraordinary natural and such an abundance of is arguably economically. This is in part because the scatter of its 7,000 inhabited islands creates extraordinary infrastructure in part because a torpid bureaucracy squashes and in part because legal system means no contract is much vaunted will not deliver the pot of gold at the end of the rainbow until all three of these things change. for the first time since a brave but declared its independence from Dutch colonists in at least two of these changes are under way. no small achievement in a nation as kaleidoscopic as where there are almost as many languages and belief systems as there are islands. The improvements in both infrastructure and governance are especially worthy of global attention because they are being propelled by the twin engines of democracy and both relatively new to lived through 45 years of virtual are now rowdily directly electing everyone from their village head up to the president. Some politicians still hand out cash for but citizens even in the remotest villages have a remarkably acute understanding of the twists and turns of politics. Twitter governor campaigning for He has been named as a suspect in a blasphemy investigation. think that they can buy our commented a fisherman in North last month of the politicians who are already campaigning ahead of next district elections. course we take the take it from all of but we vote with our Political elites who expect bribery or blind populism to trump all else in are often left out of democratic rebirth came with what some see as a second wave of For the first five and a half decades of its the nation was firmly ruled from the capital largely for the benefit of the of who are squashed in to the single island of resentment this caused contributed to the 1998 downfall of the second after 32 years in power. There followed a that turned many cultural and ethnic fiefdoms from vassals of the central government in into democracies. Political elites who expect bribery or blind populism to trump all else in are often left the many votes now the one that affects their lives most directly is that for district head or mayor. Voters laughingly refer to these local potentates as because they are so powerful. They make most of the important decisions about and local they dole out jobs and regulate and negotiate the transport routes that are in an island current known as has made much of his support for infrastructure it is driven less by a push from than by active demand from politicians directly elected in district and provincial governments. Though progress is those demands are gradually overcoming the hurdles raised by the has had an effect on bureaucracy though not all of it good. In many district governments have simply pasted cumbersome new layers on to an already dysfunctional administrative week live Read in a few adventurous politicians have experimented with radical they require civil servants to show up on to treat citizens with to do their jobs without being bribed. These individuals have become local heroes and media their popularity has in many cases provided a springboard to higher including the presidency. rose from mayor to governor of and on to the presidency on the strength of his approach to local government. neither democracy nor himself have managed an assault on the third major hurdle to the legal quagmire referred to by his predecessor as the still bruised after the 2013 conviction on corruption charges of the highest judge in the will be in the global spotlight again as it considers a blasphemy investigation opened against the as he is a transparent trial and a fair verdict would signal the beginning of improvements in the legal landscape. more than would make a country to watch in eager anticipation of a destiny of global greatness soon to be on on via on on on on on this content
In the fourth episode of ninth and try to resell a pair of opera tickets and end up thwarted by their own a small moment of for anyone who has lost tickets or money to a scalper but since that episode aired in the problem has got much worse. Last week in Jerry unwittingly exposed how vulnerable fans are in a lightly regulated ticketing system that rips them a for ticket sales to first tour in close to 20 years opened to the public through with the cheapest tickets in priced at and premium seats costing minutes they were sold out. And within hours they were reselling on resale sites including and with some sellers on Resale asking for a ticket. The same is true for and For the first in there was a pair on sale for just to keep it for you could find them for tickets already on and Marketplace for scalpers average punters missing out ticket you just made my is generally seen as a really dishonest thing to wrote one angry commenter. seems your Resale website is a platform for the television critic and missed out on tickets to and will have to fly to to see the show. offensive to see large ticketing websites facilitating the scalping of he said of the inflated costs available through resale sites. only encourages leaving fans like myself unable to spokesman echoed the criticism in a statement to Guardian urging fans to resale scalper calling them and is no guarantee those tickets are genuine and you risk being ripped off. We see countless examples of people who buy from resale and never receive tickets or find that they are the third or fourth buyer of the same ticket. Fans should only purchase tickets from the official ticketing v fans believe exacerbated the frenzy by releasing some tickets to customers early under its commercial partnership standard practice for many but one that reduced an already small pool of tickets available to the wider public on Customers and ticket sellers are also vulnerable to that buy tickets in high volume at high speed then flip them on to reselling sites often before a musical or sporting event has even sold out. A spokesman said bot activity a significant in the which was more about huge demand and a limited number of tour dates and available he was about bots and had invested technical effort and to defend against them. But others are pointing the finger at rival ticketing which appears to be selling tickets for the greatest markups through its reselling and making a small fortune from the scalped tickets. In one receipt sourced by Guardian the seller was charged more than by Nation Entertainment group is the global parent company of Resale and the promotions and touring company Live Nation. In its annual its chief trumpeted the reselling platforms as a now in operation in 13 countries. Reselling for Live Nation Entertainment enjoyed growth in gross transaction value last amounting to and continuing to the volume of secondary tickets forms part of the Resale has not released the amount of revenue it is taking from the in likely to be a lot. Speaking to Guardian a spokeswoman said every transaction incurred a fee from the buyer and a fee from the seller meaning Resale makes on each transaction. With Resale taking at least on each the higher the inflation charged by the the higher its profit. In the extreme example of a it means the company would accrue at least for merely handling the deal. Twitter This week tickets for first tour go on sale. The singer has been waging war against scalpers. the case of the Live Nation tours that are sold through and resold through Live Nation Entertainment is not only profiting from inflated prices but effectively double making money on the primary sale and all secondary sale fees and charges. Responding to this Live Nation sent a Nation branch of the global does not participate in any revenues or fees that may be generated through the Resale refused to comment on week will represent another highlight in the when tickets for first shows go on sale. Promoters believe this sale will outstrip the nearest tour last year. But along with acts such as Iron and Sons and Violent has been one of those waging a war against which puts money in the pocket of scalpers not artists at the expense of an fans. We verify and reissue every ticket sold by fans The seat you buy is always the seat you is the touring company for Live Nation. And the official ticket agent for shows in and Perhaps why has confirmed to Guardian that tickets will not be listed on Resale. Live Nation works for its after all. is handling the sales for the and shows. Like other ticket resale companies around the Resale stresses that its platform is verify and reissue every ticket sold by fans The seat you buy is always the seat you it says on its website. Resale provides a safe and secure platform for fans to sell unwanted tickets and to purchase tickets for events that might otherwise be sold said in a statement to Guardian Resale marketplace offers the best solution for as it provides a customer guarantee which protects fans when making a for Resale is a major player in the secondary ticket with Queen of Tickets and among a bunch of other resale platforms dealing in tickets to sporting and cultural events. Some of are sellers may no longer be able to go to an and not illegal for them to sell tickets on to buyers who can. But in reality these resale marketplaces are and often profiting ticket scalping and the fans are losing tickets for big New events is a attorney general says Read for Guns 2017 tour are now going for on is listed on for One Nick Cave fan searched for tickets to the upcoming tour and landed on site before the primary homepage thanks to some In a he spent on two well above the general seating cost of before receiving an he would pay a service charge of per amounting to in total. He received no confirmation of where he would be seated. Not only are users paying a premium price and a substantial fee for their but they are not even guaranteed entry. Many venues refuse resold many of the tickets sold some ticket numbers are sold more than and some tickets listed at a premium price in the vague end up not only being the worst seats in section but among the worst in the other Resale guarantees a refund of the ticket price if the ticket is not accepted by the venue or promoter also like other the company pockets the fees regardless. The law What can be federal consumer laws protect customers against misleading or deceptive conduct but the Competition and Consumer Commission says selling tickets at inflated pricing is in itself not in breach of federal laws. We are also watching the situation in the US and the where there are advanced plans to the use of forms of scalping are illegal in some states and at particular venues but according to a report on scalping introduced to parliament by Senator Nick in the legislation is inconsistent and hate it against the music industry heavyweight told the Herald Sun. of the prices seen are and it go to the artists or the promoters. a great frustration and I think the should look at Performance is the peak body for the live performance and its chief said the secondary ticket market was a key issue right now. looking at it as we she told Guardian solutions are likely to include a mix of within the and better government regulation of technological developments such as automated software and bots. Twitter Guns Roses at in Within 48 hours of their 2017 tour going on sale there were 9,000 tickets available on the resale worth almost Images for revived his fight to get the federal government to legislate against these bots a fight are also watching closely the situation in the US and the where there are advanced plans to the use of bots to acquire and sell the spokesman Performance endorses laws against bots which might be difficult to enforce but will at least send a message. has always been ticket scalping and people profiteering from buying tickets on the primary but now there are more ways for scalpers to quickly flip them and get them on to the secondary market and a greater variety of platforms for people to said. companies themselves invest a lot of technical resources and money into defending against and they will continue to do that as the technology gets more the Congress is considering legislation to curb bot activity did not want to pay a a Democratic Bill said in a and the is awaiting a government response to a secondary ticketing review which was published in May as the campaign gains steam. I say this to people I find out the venue or the promoter and check out their Live Performance stressed that while was watching for potential its industry functioned differently. The commonality was that resale market is a growing but she was at the respect to that is a challenge and I think see technological solutions to she said. seeing internationally and even in a move to paperless tickets and other ways of controlling the inventory so that scalpers get access to it venues and promoters are looking at how they can how they can control and manage it in a more effective are just one of the technological factors at another is which are paid for by resale sites to their listings over the primary to the within 48 hours of the Guns Roses tour going on sale in August there were 9,000 tickets available on the resale worth almost concert itself had not yet sold out through meaning people were finding the reseller links thanks to ads on and buying tickets at inflated prices well before they needed the case of the those ads looked like Twitter With the branding of sites such as Resale not dissimilar to that of itself and with many resale listings not showing a original price many customers they are purchasing a ticket through a secondary source for more money than it is of sites such as Resale say they themselves offer a protection against a growth in ticket facilitated by digital technology. Their big markups merely cover fraud protection and customer and the guarantee that fake tickets will be refunded. But until there is a better regulatory said the onus was on the is very much a case of buyer she said. where buying your ticket from. If buying on a secondary you be sure that the ticket buying is a valid ticket. for a show where the promoter or the venue say you then they reserve the right to cancel the ticket and they may do that. And if you bought it on a secondary then getting a refund is going to be the ticket touts get away with bleeding fans dry Read issue was one of said. the customer understand that paying a premium and paying a commission If they understand that and they still make that then an informed choice. But I think the issue that focused on is insuring that the consumer is properly recommended that customers add an extra step to their ticket purchasing. say this to people I find out the venue or the promoter who is the primary seller and check out their she said. where find the official ticketing partner and bypass the misleading an industry very mindful of some of the challenges that raises and looking at how we can respond to those as quickly as we can. in the the consumer needs to be diligent about checking where they are buying their ticket article was amended on 21 to insert that is the official agent for shows in and on on via on on on on on this content
In early activist and headed to the Bristol Museum. Like many concerned about the fate of the she was in despair over the failed climate talks in that winter. She sat on a bench and looked at a stuffed animal behind a Before never heard of the marsupial carnivore that went extinct in was this beautiful mysterious lost creature locked in a glass she said. struck me suddenly as unbearably undignified. And I had this sudden vision of smashing the lifting the body carrying the out into the stroking its speaking to washing it with my and burying it by a river so that it could return to the felt deep over the loss of a creature never once seen in a species that had been shot to extinction because settlers had deemed it vermin. how do we grieve for extinct species when there are no set no extinction no catharsis for the pain caused by a loss that in many ways is simply beyond human We have been obliterating species for over ten thousand years beginning with the of the like woolly bears and giant sloths yet we have no way of mourning them. Twitter flies again. was the last passenger who perished on 1914. Once the most populous bird on the passenger pigeons vanished remarkably quickly due to and habitat destruction. In mourners carried this model up Mount and burned it in a pyre. Robin Pearl push the grief under or ignore it. she sought to share it. In 2011 who is the of the arts and the group Feral in helped the first ever Remembrance Day for Lost Species. Held every since become a day for artists and mourners to find creative ways to share their grief for extinct species and reinvigorate their love for the natural world. hope the Remembrance events will function as funerals for humans a of Remembrance Day for Lost Species and a movement said. rituals are embedded within us. We are just placing this common ritual into an unfamiliar of these events are not large they are not thousands of people marching on government buildings but more like the number of people who would attend a funeral for a loved one. They are communal and largely intimate full of things you might expect and others you might such as burning poetry bell tolling and processionals. Frog goes media yawns Read there are no rules to the Remembrance Day for Lost Species and anyone can start a public event or hold a private ceremony. This they are going on all over the including a dinner for the dodo in a poetry reading in and a remembrance ritual for the outside of Graphic designer and art therapist who is hosting the ritual in this said she remembers as a child first learning about how humans wiped out the dodo and how the knowledge crushed her. can only imagine how children feel witnessing such enormous and wonder if they are in order to she said. Day for Lost Species provides an opportunity for children and adults to connect with their and in doing reclaim a part of The vitality of be many of us probably find the idea of attending a funeral or walking in a processional for a vanished species a little foolish. It may even make us feel something more vulnerable. But Pearl said this is only to be expected. grieving for a lost person is grieving for ecosystems and species is entirely novel and A memorial to extinct species outside in 2010 created by and said that as a global society we have lost the knowledge of how to grieve even for our closest loved quoting teacher and author who writes that our society is phobic and grief struggle to talk about death and Pearl said. is seen as a terrible to be avoided at all costs. We are afraid of upsetting and of awkward But at what According to our inability to show grief or even allow ourselves to feel it may lead to mental grief might become misplaced if not and misguided grief could be it could manifest as depression or We need to imagine and invent new rituals for the displaying grief can result in catharsis. In an emotional process first described by over 2,000 years pent intense feelings are allowed safe release through ritual. mourners are able to move maybe even with more wisdom than before. grief is hardly practiced a poet and founder of the collaborative art project said. it children would neither be murdered in war nor would they go hungry and homeless in the streets of the nations. Water would be protected. The desires of men and women would not ever trump the needs of any single let alone whole also one of the founders of the Remembrance Day for Lost will be holding a bell tolling ceremony in on the 30th. Tear your hair for the grief occur only when we lose loved ones. Ask anyone who has seen a local forest they once played in as a child demolished for another development or has watched as fewer bees and butterflies show up in their garden each summer. Or ask any conservationist who has to witness as the species they work with slowly ask any marine biologist about coral reefs or any Arctic biologist about sea ice. Grief can extend far beyond our human parochialism. Twitter A ceremony for the monk which was last seen in 1952. From Remembrance Day for Lost Species in 2012. that there was a hunger for a way of grieving ecological loss through said Porter who in 2011 directed a Funeral for Lost Species through her Feral This was an outdoor theatrical performance in a churchyard that included various traditional forms of mourning and tilted between somber and whimsical. Grief can provide a pathway for taking and making a commitment to take believes many people are simply in a kind of when it comes to biodiversity loss and environmental crises. we face it honestly and fully we have to face our own collective our destructive urges and acts. These are terrifying things to face she said. Part of this denial is also due to our growing disconnect from nature. humans now solely interact with domesticated animals and plants. Some have no experience whatsoever of intact and aquatic community. The total loss of other community their and life affirming ways then is an utterly distant said. in as in humans are wired for intimacy. to the founders of the Remembrance Day for Lost grieving in a ceremony removes our isolation from other mourners we are after all grieving communally and cuts through the those in denial bearing witness to acts of remembrance and reminds them of something that they are pushing away. That is why making these rituals public is so very Porter said. In the end such rituals may help people transform their perfectly understandable anger which is to the disregard and destruction of the natural according to Porter into something ultimately productive. Providing a real outlet for grief could help people finally take action and change the world for the better. in our we can vow not to continue to let it and acknowledge the role we humans are playing in causing the said. can provide a pathway for taking and making a commitment to take rituals also allow us to view extinction in a novel way. So much of the information we receive about extinctions and biodiversity decline today comes from not from personal experience in the wild. And while science is it is often represented in wonky papers or press release that are even inhuman a recitation of facts rather than a proper elegy for the lost. Twitter A processional for the great auk during the Remembrance Day for Lost Species in 2011. The great auk went extinct in 1844 after the last two known animals were killed violently by men seeking their eggs. The species was pushed to extinction by killing for its eggs and even to use as fishing bait. the stories of recently extinct species is a way of capturing imaginations to this said Pearl. not science or real life and in an age of cultural storytelling inspired by historical events is a way to learn lessons from the many probably fear that allowing themselves to feel the grief really feel it will result in a personal collapse. said that an environmental studies professor once told think of this as grief. That would be this is the misconception according to Grieving bring endless but healing and health. happens when I grieve What does it mean not to feel or express sorrow when someone passes unnecessarily due to my Just the thought of this is chilling to me as the sociopath is brought to she said. Grief can be funny mean such events have to be sombre and drowned in tears. No emotion is according to the founders of the Remembrance Day for Lost Species. They are not afraid to throw and whimsy into their rituals. If you can make people you are halfway to love. You can take people to deep at human funerals people share funny stories about the dead person and it gives a a release from weight of and it can bring a celebratory said can be incredibly even during a ritual mourning. allows us to softly break through denial and to damp down the tempers to create space in between the the the said Porter. Pearl attended the Stories of the Festival in where she held a remembrance ceremony for the Attendees were asked to share their stories about extinction but first they had to step through a glitter curtain. you can make people you are halfway to love. You can take people to deep places. You can encourage them to take she is the founders insist. It all depends on what you are hoping to create within the context of the ritual. Grieving in the says the last died cold and alone. The story is that it was mistakenly locked out of its nighttime quarters at the zoo in during an unusually cold night in 1936. The which was never even identified as a male or perished from exposure. That was 80 years ago this year. While the last may not have actually died from the it certainly died in a kind of loneliness that is almost impossible for humans seven billion and rising to comprehend. It after an The last of its kind. And yet do we barely remember let alone weep for it. Twitter A child visits the of a bee that went extinct in during the Funeral for Lost Species. The memorial was made by said the 80th Anniversary of the extinction of the fairly unnoticed in the mainstream even in its native Despite little media around the still has a lot of for the said to the extent that some people believe it still inhabits the wild lands of this is a kind of denial in an inability to accept the extinction of what once a denial that may continue to allow and people around the world to ignore the losses going on right in front of them. is an of extinction. It has the highest mammal loss of any country on Earth. Since the country has lost at least 30 species of mammal. And another was lost just this the Bramble Cay the first mammal known to have gone extinct due to climate change. stories of lost species remind us that things do they do that we are causing irrevocable and deeply distressing changes but that the not yet written for the stories of of of said Pearl. why we grieve for the passenger the golden or the River Or how about tree frog which just vanished from the Earth in Why we rend our garments for the woolly or tear our hair for the dodo or smear our windows with ash for the great that once roamed New It hurt. It could only heal. need to imagine and invent new rituals for the said Pearl. would a memorial for the tiger or the elephant bird look A memorial for the Great Barrier For 350 parts per million of atmospheric age of the is an age of put simply. Not sharing or indeed feeling that grief will make it all the more unbearable. But a collective keening may be key to moving forward and creating a new society that fully respects and cherishes the millions of life forms that call this planet home. Twitter A memorial to the passenger pigeon on a beach in Wales by in 2014. on on via on on on on on this content
John better known as the sings and plays guitar outside Trump Tower. Mike Trump has settled the fraud lawsuit over the Trump University for according to New attorney general In my office sued Trump for swindling thousands of innocent out of millions of dollars through a scheme known at Trump University. Trump fought us every step of the filing baseless charges and fruitless appeals and refusing to settle for even modest amounts of compensation for the victims of his phony university. that all changes. million settlement agreement is a stunning reversal by Trump and a major victory for the over 6,000 victims of his fraudulent am pleased that under the terms of this every victim will receive restitution and that Trump will pay up to million in penalties to the State of New for violating state education laws. The victims of Trump University have waited years for result and I am pleased that their patience and persistence will be rewarded by this million Trump announced the nomination of senator Sessions as attorney general and congressman Mike as director of the Central Intelligence as well as the selection of retired Gen. to serve as his national security one of earliest backers during the Republican primary has served in the Senate since and served as attorney general for two years before that. The lawmaker has the rare distinction of once being passed over for a federal judgeship over racist comments he allegedly made. During confirmation hearing in lawmakers heard testimony that Sessions called respected civil rights organizations In another set of a prosecutor told Congress that Sessions had said he thought the was until I found out they smoked feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of Sessions to serve as the next attorney Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition also known as the Naked a plays guitar and sings as demonstrators voice their opposition to Trump. Naked Cowboy came over and sang a song about trump that included lyrics about blue lives mattering and Trump putting thugs in jail. Also about how bad is. And how Trump Tower is the greatest place on then picked up a cradled her in his and kissed her. not acid strong enough for this to be a I assure while Naked Cowboy was doing his a motorcade left through the garage. No official word on if it is or someone altogether different. Fox News is reporting it is Trump. I meet President I may first grab his crotch to get his attention then discuss Science with 2016 Long before led a chant demanding the imprisonment of and before he came to view an entire religion as responsible for he issued a public plea for nuance in intelligence. Gen. Mike followed his longtime friend from the elite Joint Special Operations Command to Their partnership had transformed into an apparatus that collected and disseminated intelligence as rapidly as it killed and then fed that intelligence back into its internal systems to accelerate the lethal with would command the war and would run its intelligence shop. But soon considered the entire US intelligence apparatus in to be focusing on the wrong in was that US intelligence focused too much on the insurgency. It gave comparatively little emphasis on granular data about trends among Afghans which at the time the coterie of around considered decisive. Win the the thinking and the insurgency would lose the base of support necessary to a rare move for a serving intelligence took his critique most salient problems are cultural and he wrote in a 2010 paper for the Center for a New at that point the ascendant defense and a job pipeline into the Pentagon. killing insurgents usually serves to multiply enemies rather than subtract and his needed information including data and patrol minutes from with local farmers and tribal leaders polling data and atmospherics reports from psychological operations and female engagement on the authors was crucial to victory. It would admittedly offer clues about where to find but it would elements of even greater strategic importance a map for leveraging popular support and marginalizing the insurgency 2010 which took many in intelligence circles by was the first time most outside the military had encountered It made his career in from subtle intelligence chief to ideologue Read more Not exactly a 2016 senator Warren has released a blistering statement in response to nomination of senator Sessions to serve as the next attorney Instead of embracing the bigotry that fueled his campaign I urge Trump to reverse his apparent decision to nominate Senator Sessions to be attorney general of the United States. If he then it will fall to the Senate to exercise fundamental moral leadership for our nation and all of its people. Thirty years a different Republican Senate rejected Senator nomination to a federal judgeship. In doing that Senate affirmed that there can be no compromise with no negotiation with hate. a new Republican Senate must decide whether and political cowardice will prevent them from once again doing what is right. From the transition Your supplemental has arrived outside Trump National Golf Club He is currently standing in the drainage ditch across the street from the main entrance. The property owner has given him permission and at least one other reporter permission to do is lined both ways with bright orange signs from the township of stating Stopping or The signs go significantly farther to the west than the supplemental now holding in the drainage ditch resting a coffee cup on the guard rail as he enjoys an unseasonably mild day in New Jersey and the exhaust fumes from passing traffic. I would like to express my gratitude to for reviving interest in my 2006 The Price of Admission. I have never met or spoken with and rare in this life to find such a selfless benefactor. Of I doubt he became and merely to boost my lagging but thankful. book exposed a grubby secret of higher that the rich buy their underachieving way into elite universities with donations. It reported that New Jersey real estate developer had pledged to University not long before his son was admitted to the prestigious Ivy League which at the time accepted about one of every nine applicants. it only takes one out of also quoted administrators at high who described him as a student and expressed dismay at was no way anybody in the administrative office of the school thought he would on the merits get into a former official at the school in New told me. point did not warrant his SAT scores did not warrant it. We for there was no way this was going to happen. lo and was accepted. It was a little bit disappointing because there were at the time other kids we thought should really get in on the and they did a spokeswoman for said in an email on that that gift to was related to admission and always has been His and enormously generous and have donated over to hospitals and other charitable causes. was an excellent student in high school and graduated from with of 2003 class at also graduated with discoveries were an offshoot of my research for a chapter on donors. Somebody had slipped me a document I had long the membership list of Committee on University Resources. The university wooed more than 400 of its biggest givers and most promising prospects by putting them on this committee and inviting them to campus periodically to be dined and subjected to lectures by eminent idea was to figure out how many children of these corporate oil money consultants and heirs had gone to A disproportionate tally might suggest that the university eased its standards for the offspring of wealthy began working through the poring over Who in and class reunion reports for family information. and were both on the committee. I had never heard of but their joint presence struck me as a sign that machine held the couple in especially fond clips showed that empire encompassed 25,000 New Jersey along with extensive industrial and retail space and undeveloped land. Unlike most of his fellow committee was not a man. He had graduated from New University. This eliminated the sentimental tug of the alma mater as a reason for him to give to leaving another likely his his sons and had both enrolled did than high school student get into Golden Read more Just going to leave this here on news that Trump may settle the fraud lawsuit against his Trump University J. Trump University has a approval rating. I could have settled but won't out of 2016 Senate minority leader Chuck on I know Senator Sessions and we work out in the but the fact that he is a senator does not absolve him from answering tough questions in the confirmation process. Given some of his past statements and his staunch opposition to immigration I am very concerned about what he would do with the Civil Rights Division at the Department of Justice and want to hear what he has to say. the chief strategist and senior Darkness is good. Dick power. Women and advocacy groups are preparing for the most serious assault on reproductive rights in decades after the first female nominee of a major lost the presidential election to Trump. Protesters form a wall of women outside Trump Tower. in tandem with an undivided Congress under Republican 33 governors and an open seat on the supreme court with the possibility of more has cast serious uncertainty about the future of abortion in the advocates really bad bad as ever seen said the of policy for a advocacy many of his policy stance on reproductive rights has shifted throughout his including three contradictory positions on abortion in three hours. In an interview on with 60 Trump reiterated his vow to appoint conservative and supreme court which could gradually restrict abortion access and even lead to overturning Roe v the ruling that legalized abortion in the US. who appears to have an incongruous understanding of how the supreme court had previously suggested this would happen prospect of overturning Roe v Wade has set off alarm bells among health who are already fighting to hold the line against an avalanche of regulations meant to restrict access to abortions at the state level. But experts saying dismantling the precedent would be much more difficult than Trump seems to think it will has withstood the test of over 40 said interim senior director of US policy and advocacy at the Center for Reproductive noting that US supreme court justices take precedents seriously even when they disagree with them. has survived including ones that have pushed to appoint justices to the supreme the Trump said that if Roe v Wade is then women would to go to another Asked if that was he see what happens. got a long way to rights groups brace for are used to fighting impossible Read more Retired lieutenant general who was tapped this morning as national security calling is a political ideology. It is a political ideology. It definitely hides behind this notion of it being a religion. And I have a very tough time because I see a lot of people screaming with hatchets or machetes or rifles shooting up clubs or literally axing families on a or like they just killed a couple of police officers with a machete. unbelievable. So we have a like cancer. You gone through cancer in my own life. So like cancer. And a like a malignant in this case. It has metastasized. has gotten exclusive access to film a special about home and life. The is very excited about J. Trump at 10 PM 7 PM on a one hour special on me and my life by 2016 From a written statement submitted to Congress in 1986 by a former assistant United States about then a nominee for a federal district Sessions called me into his office and indicated he felt I had been unduly harsh with the secretary. Sessions admonished me to careful what you say to white Sessions merely urged me to be careful about what I said to that admonition would have been quite reasonable. But that was not the language that he was a period in our own lifetimes when blacks were regularly admonished to be particularly polite or and a remark of that sort may just have slipped out inadvertently. is taking Trump at his word. Sen. of official is wondering whether Trump will implement the agenda that won him the presidency. Some of like tech investor Peter contend that Trump should not be taken the Democratic senator from shows no signs of interest in that discussion. As perhaps the Democratic premier civil libertarian on Capitol his anticipation of the Trump administration starts from the perspective that the will govern as he against against for for surveillance. from his perch on the intelligence is preparing for a going to have to make sure now that a political agenda replace a set of constitutional priorities. the heart of said in an interview with the Guardian this is one of the few national politicians who can plausibly claim to have fought national security abuses and championed civil liberties with equal vigor in the W Bush and administrations. He is far more comfortable discussing policies or proposals than he is discussing opting to refer to Trump simply as the look at some of what the has to say and it certainly ought to be a call from the standpoint of potential abuse of quote sticking in mind these days is one Trump issued in after the Democratic National Committee which US intelligence has blamed on discussing his political I wish I had that power. love to have that By 20 it will no longer be on Trump's call for potential abuse of Read more The feisty campaign to persuade shoppers to boycott fashion products and the retailers that stock appears to be biting. Trump exits Trump Tower. Drew dropped the footwear line pedaled by elder daughter shortly after the election and now interior specialist has dropped the range of chandeliers and other domestic trinkets from its Trump fashion dropped by no mo Trump items on as her campaign had been targeted by businesswoman who created on Twitter in after the Trump them by the audio tape scandal. can do Trump brags on tape about using fame to get women Read revealed in a Guardian exclusive at the time that his appalling boasting on tape reminded her of being sexually harassed by her boss at a Silicon Valley job in her was outraged by the but also by vigorous support of her presidential campaign with barely a while at the same time promoting her fashion and accessories line with messages of empowerment for the stylish working told the Guardian on night about and retailers cite specifically but coincidentally contacted supporters of the campaign who had complained to them to explain they were dropping the tweets about her campaign have been viewed more than nine million times and the has been read or spread 200 million times in just over a began by posting a list of retailers that sell items from the Trump including the big hitters at the and Lord and high profile names such as Amazon and urging consumers not only to boycott them but to contact them to the traditional none of the big guys have budged have plenty of indications that the larger players are paying very close attention to this. not surprised that the smaller players would be the first to drop the however. And I know the message is getting said hopes that even if big retailers want to appear now that Trump is and his family members are poised to benefit that they will feel an unpleasant of in stocking Trump she has sparked a backlash from some Trump voters who are now keen to encourage boycotts of the retailers that boycott is NOT interested in the business of 60 Million and are engaging in corporate terrorism against is already blue sky thinking about whether could grow into a bigger phenomenon as a shopping ethics monitor that rates companies by their respect for women and inclusiveness in could be measuring how many women or people of color they have in senior executive the ethical dimensions of the products they carry. We want to support companies that take the high she said. congressman on attorney general nominee If you have nostalgia for the days when blacks kept gays were in the immigrants were invisible and women stayed in the Senator Sessions is your senator has fought harder against the hopes and aspirations of and people of color than Sen. Sessions. He is a staunch opponent of legal immigration and someone who has blocked every effort to and humanize our immigration which is two or three decades ran for the Senate because he was deemed by the Senate Judiciary Committee as too racist to serve as a federal judge. He is the kind of person who will set back law civil the and increase mass incarceration industry and erase 50 years of progress.
enduring love for the western Read the extended title sequence of epic 1968 western three gunslingers await the arrival of the next train at the remote Cattle Corner Station. Not a word is shared between them. caught in vivid closeup like the lines ingrained on the weathered skin of their the sounds that tell a chalk screeches across a water drips on to the brim of a hat in the dead stillness of the desert a gently squeaks. Even before knuckles are pistols are cocked and the man been waiting to kill announces his arrival with three mournful notes on a clear that things are about to turn that haunting harmonica is as celebrates 60 years in music with a concert tour of his film scores and a new album of his themes. Yet like so much of the melancholic motif whether inhabiting the dreamy of the Fluffy or cowboy epic now breathes with a life of its own. very gratifying that people are enjoying my music even though they see it accompanied by scenes on says when we meet at his apartment in nobody thinks about the film composer a movie could be it could have music or not whereas in concerts different because the audience is there to listen to my music Twitter After the Dollars Once Upon a Time in the West. just turned and with around 500 soundtracks to his is one of most prolific and stylistically diverse composers. On as on he conducts the choruses and lyrical oboe theme of alongside the paired down howls of and the tenderly sentimental piano and string motifs of written for . The disc also includes themes for western which won an Academy award earlier this year. It was his first for an original score following five previous but he laughs when I suggest he take his tour to the US. feel like flying and going all the way to he says. even want to go and pick up the The producer and the director asked me to please He had to cancel three concerts earlier this year due to back but throws open his arms in a broad show of generosity. I would go to if they pay me loads of from that has made his name as one of score and it was here that he found his feet as a composer. He grew up in the and began composing at the age of copying down such as that heard on the radio. His an accomplished supported the family by performing in local jazz clubs and on film and would dutifully follow in his at the age of he entered the to study later also studying composition. At night he would play the clubs as a jazz stepping in for his father when he was ill. Twitter Listen to The The Bad and The Ugly war years were decisive for as he discovered how light music could bring happiness during bleak times. In the late and early he arranged hundreds of and it was the bells and galloping rhythms of his arrangement of folk singer Peter hit single of that impressed his former classmate when they reunited to discuss their first film . What happens to my concert I produce and pay for the that nobody will prefers not to talk about his and has often pointed out that during the heyday of his between 1963 and a mere 35 of his 300 films were about cowboys. But it was their and in particular the Dollars trilogy and that established his reputation and allowed him to pursue other projects. Rather than writing music to fit would start composing before filming with the director using the music on set to get his characters into the mood of the film. His scores build in three from earthy percussion and humble instruments such as panpipes or the harp and whistles of to electronic guitars to featuring trumpets for the final and expansive strings and chorus that perfectly match the epic journeys and compositions of films. Instrumental is key. Conveying a distinct sense of character and these themes deliver us into the world of the Old where with No a man so quick on the draw put his order in with the local coffin maker on his way into and add to after the on his way out loom both heroically and absurdly larger than life. But the reason his tunes have lasted so says is that the musical ideas are complete in learned by observing the use of and and in movies. I is it has I want to do something That is why I started writing my music before the film was Twitter and L in The Hateful Eight which marked return to the western genre. opening 13 minutes of are a playful reminder of how was grounded in experimental in particular the philosophy of John Cage. A member of the ensemble was a firm advocate of challenging the boundaries between noise and and of the techniques of the Second School his early compositions are atonal and complex. In he has written more than 100 concert often taking time out of his film schedule to focus on what he calls highest ideals of but he only of his output is music that he aspires to write. not turning my back on film not saying that I reject he explains. I mean is that of my music was written for the public at because a movie has to be understood by ordinary people who necessarily understand complex The that does meet his he is music that experimented that I was really into but that I was strongly advised to leave behind. I had to leave it because it was too difficult. That mean that of my music is inane or trivial music catering to simple Twitter Watch the opening scene of Inglorious featuring of easy to imagine that cocooned in the silky strings of his early charts hit is a classical composer just wriggling to get out. On he will often pay homage to classical reinterpreting themes with a ease augmenting melody in for create the suspenseful motif that would borrow for the opening scene of . But relationship with the classical music tradition goes much deeper than style. When asked whether he arranges his works for concert he says that his choice of instruments is integral to the themes he so they are the same live as when you hear them on wrote a that was he says. adapt it to the in which it was performed. If it was not then he perform it with who had aspirations to be taken seriously in the concert hall but would be forever thought of as has formed close relationships with directors who respect his vision. He has scored all of films over the last three decades including his forthcoming Irons and and enjoyed a long and fruitful collaboration with Pier who showed him the power of using classical works on screen. darker atonal sounds have found a natural home in the horror films of and his more complex ideas continue to resurface most recently his music for John 1982 in . had a problem with working in a he says. always felt free and obviously directors call me because they hold me in the highest Twitter Sentimental strings in Cinema six decades seems to none of the resentments or frustrations that his early ambitions to become an composer might have left him with. he has made decisions he such as turning down initial requests to work with him when the actor turned his hand to and of the 500 films not all could be great for always seemed destined to But he has reached out to more listeners than most. When asked whether he would rather his new disc had been of his concert hall instead of music catering to he laughs and excuses himself from the room. give you one of he returning with a recording of his works written for choir. produce and pay for the that nobody will One he begin mining that released on Records. See for tour on on via on on on on on this content
I grew up in central My father was born in He was a survivor. He had come to the US in when he was not speaking a word of on his at the insistence of his family. He landed in Island and made a life for himself. My mother was from the Lower East Side of New She was a she was good with numbers and played the but not of my earliest memories is from when I was eight. In in a music appreciation there was a table filled with instruments and I happened to pick up a trumpet. It had a profound effect on my life. At be playing and the would the while my mother yelled back at them. My brother played we were a musical family. My father could play the although he read my fortunes he brought the rest of his family from to live near us. My grandfather stayed there. I remember my paternal but she only spoke so communication was an issue. My mother close to her own parents so we see much of them. I had an elder who was five years my senior. We used to play outside or in the but I was and followed him but he so interested in hanging out with guess we were middle class. My dad earned a reasonable living manufacturing suits and clothing as a we struggle and had a vacation now and have a strong idea about what career I wanted. I knew I liked playing the trumpet. My brother and I played together at parties and events. At high I was in a little with drums and trumpet. We entered a talent contest that pitted groups from local high schools against each other. Even though few people had sets in the we won the show for eight consecutive weeks and that made us a so we got gigs around the city on the back of got married when I was 21. At the been drafted and was playing with the Sixth Army band in I was also working in a and tried my hand at acting for a but that work out. I was too young to get as evidenced by my getting divorced. I probably understand what was expected of me at that age. Then I got famous and started touring the so I around I got married the second I felt very lucky. is my dream girl. We have been married for 42 years now and had a child not sure what my parents taught me. My father articulate but led by example. He was generous to his family and very If someone needed his he was always right there for and I saw how people responded to his now a grandfather a few times over. My youngest is years old. I love the experience and we see family as much as we can. They are scattered across the but we have so that helps us stay is the part of my life that gives me comfort. I am very aware and sensitive my needs and always be there for but family is not something I totally live for. You get one chance to do your thing in this life and I am doing my thing. My creativity drives me I have any control over it. I know I have made a lot of people happy with my and that gives me an enormous energy and family on on via on on on on on this content
Identifying the best batsman in the world is a parlous exercise. Once upon a time you may have said but think How about Then what about Does top the pops Not if got Root. Or maybe And that Smith bloke goes not so hard in the game. The finest on the planet is captain Nobody disputes her dominance. Except maybe herself. see myself as the best player in the she tells Guardian ahead of opening match of the summer in on have the complete game in any how I keep my motivation the humble at 24 years old primacy can be readily demonstrated through the force of her blistering drives or the precision of her cut shots. But the empirical case trumps all even. To pick the obvious stat from the format her Southern Stars are playing five fixtures against the touring South has eight international centuries in just 49 innings. one behind the most on by recently retired England great but coming in just over a quarter of the cricket pick your own Test team and coach Read sports a better strike rate for any limited overs player. Tallying scores 50 and gets to raise her bat one in every three times to the crease marginally superior to In the shortest form the numerical evidence is less but she still boasts the highest score made in a international and has been gonged as the player of the year in both white ball categories. assessed likewise in with their leading woman in world cricket. with the greatest respect to our the jury is otherwise in. For a snapshot of so far this summer in for she smacked 190 against the highest score ever in the national competition. Sure it was her own record that was bettered. A fortnight later she walloped a new club cricket best in an unbeaten 241. In she enters this bilateral series in especially red hot form. But a healthy understanding with that despite her own mastery the exceptional growth in cricket is a challenge to her own authority. Where success was once the exclusive domain of the England and occasionally New the West knocked off charges in the World Final in shocking the champs. With a series of players battle hardened on the international stage South be far from the mark while in the and certainly not overwhelmed. losing the fastest bowler in due to a disciplinary ruling and for the same indiscretions the tourists at full strength. What they have lost in personnel they will need to recover through incentive. With the new world rankings scheme securing the top four teams an automatic berth to next World Cup in if the tourists can thrash the hosts likely straight in. assessment ahead of the series moving from to to is that their opponents are underrated by their spot on the table. seen a number of their them out here last year in the got some really dangerous her own agrees this doubles as the beginning of their journey to England. Already occupying poll position in World Cup they have come off a comprehensive away thrashing of during the winter. But going in that tournament will require at some stage overcoming a England outfit and a New squad full of talented veterans desperate for a trophy. Not to mention the West riding high after their own and who flummoxed in a series at home last summer. is important that we get our game plan really down notes of the mission ahead between now and next awareness of overseas threats is explained by the cricket world getting smaller as it gets bigger. Over the last year in addition to the a comparable domestic competition a six team has emerged in England. The two tournaments have created what amounts to a showcasing elite women from across the cricket world. Much like the it means the best play the best far more now than they ever have before. At the footprint is slated to grow in the afterglow of season no better evidenced by Channel main station investing in the broadcast of 12 live including four fixtures on the 10-11 opening weekend. no doubt the is going to be really says and after missing the inaugural hit out due to a shoulder she now sees herself crossing back and forth between the two leagues for the medium term. is more and more a thing now. We want to play more cricket so it is great that there are more opportunities to play. a great thing about it is really moving is also moving fast in terms of pay. until recently publicly declared herself a by contrast to her England competitors who have since 2014 had contracts. But owing to Cricket this year expanding their payment Southern Stars players can now earn up to per alongside additional remuneration for the and marketing bonuses. The probably consider myself to be adding that while she think that is yet the case for all of her it far off either. in a very good spot right men in the midst of what has the potential to be their worst summer in current this creates a new opportunity for side nurture new affection and attention and eyeballs. And she knows it. loves teams that says They sure do. And it helps when led by out by on on via on on on on on this content
When the singer Dawn abandoned the safety of the machine to strike out on her own in she was gambling. All managed to release under her own name was one promising but flawed So her announcement that she intended to start her solo career with a concept trilogy of albums despite lacking a team around let alone a record deal was seen as overly ambitious. laughed at she recalls was just another girl group refugee who talked a good game formed by on Making the Band in had scored two US No 1 albums before disbanding three years later. Since reinventing herself as in found acclaim in the underground dance world. But her true triumph is the visionary body of work put vast in thematic and technological that having taken in medieval and mythology and feminist of classic pop archetypes has now culminated with the final of the promised the appropriately titled built to be jubilation and says wanted to make an album that sounded like a release of really getting away from the idea that you have to be anything other than in that sound is defined equally by the number of ideas she packs into her songs and the nature of where she takes house beats segue into drums on Love Under lead single Renegades is propelled by staccato grime LA transitions from straight out of an thriller into swampy rock before winding up with a trumpet solo from New jazz musician Trombone Shorty. Twitter That song its title refers to both and is a homecoming for whose family was made homeless following Hurricane While writing she immersed herself in her home musical old bayou blues like the carnival culture of the whom her was a and New second line tradition. when we dance in the middle of the street and play the she says. just sing in sheer joy. They celebrate each other with such genuine Most people think Grace and Bowie are on a different plane. Dawn humbly sees them as in delving into the also felt herself pulled towards the future. had been the album that catapulted her from status into the arms of the underground. Close collaborations followed with Fade to Mind Kingdom whom she released the Infrared in for much of the North producer Redemption will also be the first of albums to be jointly released with another the grime and garage imprint Local Action. When its founder Tom Lea talks about with a degree of people look at artists like Grace and Bowie and see them on a different but Dawn humbly sees them as in also making forays into experimental new working with on the first ever live performance in and creating a virtual reality universe with Playhouse for her Not Above That video in point of me doing the type of music I was doing was to see it in she says. you peel back the different layers of coding in you can also peel the layers of and live instruments back on the album. That was where I wanted to had always planned for her narrative arc to conclude with a return to her but the journey itself has been often painful and sometimes absurd. Twitter Following fell out with producer the musical partner with whom intended to make the entire a to fund and a year was given over to a doomed reunion that redefined girl group messiness. ended with punches thrown before even making it to an album a good laughs darkly when asked why she had returned to the band. In the same her father had cancer and her grandmother died. it was a she says. was crazy how low it was. But it made for some of the best material lessons has learned just been emotional. As an independent relished the freedom of the kind of music she wants. it been so particularly when she faced so many rejections. having ideas that are so much larger than our she says. doing nine visuals per and held to the standard of any other artist. You have to work twice as otherwise people looks a And got to create content every other day to keep people interested in a time when accessible and moving so My plan sell to the machines of the but it sold to the the passion who compares herself to a tech startup began studying investment and money and picked up an old animation sideline had been named after an character for extra funds. She carried on knocking at fleshing out her brand. me as an artist and I can can you support she says. was laying out an economic plan and this is what we can It sell to the mainstream or the machines of the but it sold to the the passion has had to be her own PR her own even her own stagehand. When she this year that she afford to tour with her band and dancers as well as the neon triangle that formed her stage she took on that latter role. the way I can save costs is to build it and fix it and carry it myself. I brought along my screwdrivers and I set it up and took it down for each show myself. hollow steel rods and a that carries the LED two big cases I carried everywhere I It paid points to her shows in March as a turning point after which doors began to open for her. had backaches every but I managed to give people a show in dive bars a show that was talked about for an girl with no label. It was fucking worth One on her went skydiving. she compares that adrenaline rush to what felt over the past few years. that creates I want to conquer she says. create and do something no one else has done before that feeling beats anything else Redemption is out now on Local Dawn and on on via on on on on on this content
World leaders will closely watch meeting with Trump in New on for tips on how to handle the unpredictable US Trump responds to the first head of government to gain an audience with him will be of equal given the importance Japan attaches to respectful and correct protocol. prime minister pulled off this coup when he rang up to congratulate Trump after last suggesting he drop by on his way to a regional summit in By getting in has trumped other traditional such as May. Already stereotyped as a second Thatcher to May is still waiting for a chance to meet the Manliness matters a to a politician frequently a misogynist. So conservative style may appeal to Trump. The PM has a record of hitting it off with leaders of the type Trump seems to admire. To the annoyance of the he has pursued closer ties with increasing investment in energy projects while pushing to resolve old territorial disputes. have been times when I wanted never to leave the house Read also reportedly gets on well with authoritarian and leaders. He recently told the vociferously that he was a has the mysterious skill of getting along with the former president of the National Defense Academy of told newspaper. can get along with perhaps he find it difficult to strike up a cordial relationship with Outright flattery is a tactic likely to work with Trump despite his has zero experience at this elevated level and will be feeling his way. If the two men get on may draw on his superior knowledge to shape or temper for example on future dealings with more powerful regional rival. is likely to appeal directly to common interests as a way of defusing or circumventing more alarming statements. During the campaign he demanded Japan pay more for the upkeep of US bases. Trump also although this is now that Japan and South consider acquiring nuclear weapons to deter North whom he termed a analysts calculate is already paying up to of the total cost of military deployments in which include 50,000 troops and the US Seventh and that these commitments uphold a shared interest in maintaining security across the and PM to meet Trump against backdrop of security fears Read may North rogue nuclear weapons represents a threat to the entire free of which Trump will soon be the nominal and is undermining global efforts. Such an approach would appeal to idea of himself as a budding international statesman. A key test will be whether can change mind about the an ambitious international trade pact. is a strong supporter and will hope to convince Trump of its virtues despite the criticism of free trade treaties in general. It will be a meeting of contrasts. the two men are strikingly different. At Trump is five inches taller and a lot heavier. This will presumably gratify any assumptions Trump may hold about senior and junior partners in the alliance. in psychological the disparity could work to advantage. But may have to bite his tongue. For such a distinguished he may experience an unusual degree of informality and undiplomatic banter. guest will also have to refrain from interpreting his transition confusion as deliberate rudeness. As flew to New aides could still not say exactly where and when the meeting would take place. For all anybody it could be in steak on on via on on on on on this content
Versus movies are all the rage right after the lost son of Krypton took on dark knight in Batman v Dawn of and Iron Man went 10 bloody rounds with patriotic superhero in Captain Civil War. So why not take it to the next I want to see the gloriously unpretentious team from marvelous new fantasy Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them lining up against Marvel and top colorfully costumed if only because it might tell us something about rapidly shifting definition of heroism in Fantastic Beasts is a trump card for progressive youth Read the white and blue we might have Captain and of muscular superhero brawn in the shape of star And perhaps a whopping and of brutally Herculean dark knight of on the other side of the slender tweedy wizard Newt who one suspects has never visited a gym in his life alongside actor who plays cuddly New in Fantastic Beasts. The bell has only just been rung for round but It looks like are already on top. Twitter Fantastic Beasts bunch of squirrels together ... pretty video while there have been some excellent comic book movies in 2016 Civil Doctor Strange and all shifting the zeitgeist in their own way this has also been a year of disappointment and diminishing with Dawn of Justice and Suicide Squad pummeled with critical brickbats and 20th Century Apocalypse also drawing lukewarm reviews. Marvel might make it look but it turns out this whole superhero thing is anything Beasts and Where to Find Them review goes Read comic book movie so popular over the past suddenly looks vulnerable. And not just because Warner Bros get its house together when it comes to the painfully received Expanded Universe. For impressively immaculately plotted tale of in New almost looks like the antidote to our current fascination with titans. At the very it paints a rather more attainable vision of heroism than we might have been used to seeing in blockbuster fare in recent go musclebound alpha impossibly attractive supermen in in come heroes we can identify who look a lot more like us and a lot less like the us we might imagine ourselves becoming if we spent all our time pounding weights and knocking back egg whites and chicken breast. Twitter Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them in Harry Potter Batman might be a psychologically scarred weirdo who hunts bad guys in a vain attempt to excise the aching memories of his but also a billionaire playboy who lives in an enormous stages ostentatious parties with the press watching and the makes remarks to an incognito Wonder Woman. Kind of a jock counterpart in Fantastic Newt is a geeky magical all battered threads and as if he spends so much time looking after his beloved magical creatures that not much left for taking care of his own appearance. His friend is wait for it a wannabe baker who makes it clear early on that the way to his heart is through his stomach. As templates for these are like little seen in blockbuster fare since The Hobbit trilogy a couple of years or even own Potter films before and readers on Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them Read mentioned the ladies yet. While the superhero genre has so far offered us mostly female heroes who are either playing second fiddle to the boys or are only for the purpose of Fantastic Beasts gives us sisters and one a fretting but wannabe the other a flirtatious minx whose beauty is never as important to as the heart in her chest so big fit to burst. may be the oddball star of the but his new friends have also been made from thrillingly unorthodox you think this whole Fantastic argument is an artificially conceived consider Marvel has at least eight movies heading for theaters between now and with planning a similar level of output. Warner Bros announced recently that there would eventually be five films in the Fantastic Beasts saga. Along with Star these are going to be the big movie sagas battling it out for space at the multiplex over the next decade or so. The vision of heroism they present have always been unattainably perfect physical and fine as far as it goes. But in this age of alpha good to see a less ostentatious form of valor making a return to the big screen. If new saga can repeat the feats of the Potter once the film franchise of all time being overtaken by Marvel and Star the beloved author might just achieve more than simply saving Warner Bros from its own ineptitude. In Fantastic everyone is desperately looking for escaped creatures. But search for a kinder and more inclusive form of heroism may ultimately be the more vital fiction and on on via on on on on on this content
The federal government will set up an advisory body to encourage private businesses to do more to recruit veterans and has promised to lead by example in employing the prime announced the government will establish an advisory committee of corporations that will help industry develop strategies to recruit and retain veterans in businesses will be given the title Employment and the government will give awards to businesses of all sizes that employ government has also promised a discharge without policy to guarantee proper paperwork when someone leaves the military. Veterans will receive job coaching and materials to help find the initiative at House with veterans and business said the program was about not asking businesses to engage in some sort of philanthropic spoke about the skills of and women including use of art loyalty and said the government would instruct business to hire veterans as a patriotic but invited them to free to do He committed the government to as an exemplar in employing and veterans affairs told News Breakfast that 5,500 force personnel leave the military every year and they spend an average of 7.5 years in the have wonderful skills. They learn wonderful things while serving our country and those skills are readily deployable to the civilian he suicide rate national as 41 take own lives since start of 2016 Read we are doing today is making sure that business in and the public sector ... understand skills ... so when they transition away from life to civilian those employers those skills and will seek to employ our retiring told AM the initiative would that business and the public sector considering veterans when they are advertising and affairs welcomed the employment program and suggested a review within 12 months to ensure it is has long said when there is more we can do to support our veterans it should be they said. know employment opportunities for veterans and their families create better opportunities for transition into civilian also trumpeted measures in the 2016 budget to deal with stress anxiety and alcohol and substance abuse. anyone who has served for a day currently with our military or who is now a veteran ... you can get free access to the treatment in those areas. It have to be report in August found that 41 military personnel and veterans had taken their own lives this the same as the number of who were killed in during 13 years of on on via on on on on on this content
The musician who has died aged could count the the Bonnie Van and Fame among the fans of his acerbic songs. His lyrics were underpinned by assiduous researches of a line that went all the way back to the earliest roots of the always managed to sound cool and in a hurry at the same time. Needing nothing more than a a microphone and a rhythm section to fire off his own biting updates on he would hustle through his repertoire of laconic social and the classic songs of and many as if trying to squeeze a Delta discography into a single pausing for banter or biographical musings about himself or his the faintly donnish would clatter into the opening of a song when the last syllable of its was barely out of his mouth. The restless urban urgency of his methods brought a modernity to the earthy materials of the and a sophisticated irony to the direct and often accusatory themes of the singer and occasional trumpeter never adapted his conversational voice to the hollers or the muscular laments of traditional blues. He used it instead as an almost rhythmic monotone the dynamics sometimes varied by an sustained but more usually echoing a preoccupied mutter. Twitter performing on the Later With in 2005. his early he was a piano accompanist and not a working for various top and his keyboard playing retained a delightful eccentricity throughout his an style of whirling runs and marching that was his though the lyrics of best songs became well his performances could always produce freshly disconcerting versions of the devastating that included on vacation but your working nobody today but I was somebody last and since the world I go out so you got a good thing Sonny Boy said to him. called him beautiful was born on his near the village of just inside the eastern rim of the Delta. His father took over the and his mother taught at the local school a connection that gave the boy a lifelong love of literature that significantly influenced his resources as a songwriter. father was a good pianist at the age of the boy was sent for formal piano lessons. But it was the music and jazz he heard on the jukeboxes that really turned his a predominantly black corner of the country in the recollected that of the jukebox fare would be country and the remainder the bravura of Count and Tommy and he loved both. A gifted natural he was also attracted to the trumpet by the music of studying the instrument in high school and performing with it in local marching bands and dance bands. Twitter in in 1986. family caution rather than the lure of jazz and blues determined next step and he went to the University of to study chemical engineering. Army bands allowed him to return to the trumpet and piano during a year of military and in 1947 he returned to college time as an economics but also became the leader of a jazz trio and a for the college band. He pulled out of education a second to take a job playing piano and singing in a cocktail lounge near Lake then moved to State University to study and graduating in career was beginning to roll by now. He began working all over the and as far north as then went to New to sample the frenetic modern jazz and bebop scene in 1956. He played piano with the and but the invigorating New scene encouraged him to draw together all the disparate influences in his musical the relaxed swing piano of King and the various angles on bebop adopted by John Lewis and of the distant childhood sounds of the blues Miles in the same was finding that bop could become a formulaic and he was looking for something else. In made Back Country Suite for the Prestige the following an trio made its debut at the Caf in New with a young who was later to become a interweaving of elegance and his own eccentrically rhythmic sense marked the arrival of a significant new force. He brought together a mix of jazz and country sounds new to east coast and on a single sung track called he seemed to be opening up possibilities for a white voice exploring black material creatively rather than as pastiche that anticipated the white boom of the decade still to such as Local Color and Autumn Song with the first briefly featuring muted trumpet and a haunting examination of Duke Ever Say and the second including more and some straight bop piano on one of the High. But he still saw himself as a pianist at least as much as a singer in this continuing to work with intermittently including a engagement at the where the two performed as a best songs surfaced ever more prolifically in the period between 1960 and with I Worry About a Your Mind Is on Vacation and Forget to Smile appearing on an impeccable series of albums for He began to tour internationally through the and and his bluesy vocals and the enthusiasm of such influential fans as helped him avoid the effects of the downturn in fortunes in that period. Twitter sings Your Mind Is on appeared in 1979 rock documentary The Kids Are about the who covered his Young Man Blues. Regularly working with the bassist Graves and drummer toured and moved to the and then Blue Note labels in the The latter company sought to him through collaborations with various guests from the New band on My Backyard to contemporary jazz stars including the trumpeter Randy saxophonist and guitarist John on The Earth Wants You in never sounded better than when left to himself and he confirmed that the acuity of his observational powers was undimmed in beginning to turn his muse toward the insights and ironies of senior citizenship. The influence of guitarists on his piano technique would always be audible under classic songs such as Your he would typically impart a defiant rather than romantic air to a standard ballad such as You Are My and the original How Much Truth a Man delivered without an iota of could always tingle the the jazz club in which he took to visiting twice a year in the and early would sometimes seem to be in a fascinating private in which stomping bluesy figures would wrestle with or turn into a jerky clatter like a soundtrack. Got Nothing But the Trouble in Mind and Knock on Wood might hurtle by in a pungency and of work with local sidemen at the was admirably caught on a fine collection by Blue Note Records in 2000 The Live in Volumes 1 2. But after suspicious of studios and record he avoided them until the producer Henry tempted him back for the LA label Anti in a mix of covers and originals entitled The Way of the World and featuring a duet with his revealed the octogenarian to be to be just as and vocally and instrumentally quirky as ever. In was named a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz and performed his song Was at the with accompanying in the memorable days of he would sometimes intone his 1982 album title another white boy trying to have some as the piano notes flew by. That childhood pastime went on to work its inimitable magic for almost six is survived by his and four John and born 11 died 15 on on via on on on on on this content
overshadows Trump transition team appeared to be in chaos on after one member was forced to step down in what one report described as a Former Republican congressman Mike Rogers was earmarked to be national security adviser before leaving the which are taking place in Trump Tower in New The rejected rumors that his children were trying to get security clearance as a news The team tasked with making key appointments before Trump takes office in is being led by Mike who replaced New Jersey governor star of the reality show The hoped to offer reassurance last tweeting that the transition process was am the only one who knows who the finalists he Trump transition team in disarray after key adviser hold their tongue over Republicans avoided questions about new White House chief who has a record of promoting and misogynistic content while overseeing the website News. As members of Congress returned to work on they refused to criticize latest appointee. want to accuse a man of being antisemitic or racist whom never said a senator from South He added of website in question was a friendly site to the I like them and they like me and appointment has sparked outrage among Democrats and many refuse to criticize hire after growing backlash Twitter Japan factory swamped by orders of Trump voters from left and right swap echo chamber has been widely discussed during the political upheavals of 2016. Trying to make sense of how divided the country is following election many have blamed for creating a distorted reality in which own views are reinforced. To test the effects of political the Guardian asked 10 US five five to switch their feeds to the other side. Some said the experiment reinforced their views of the opposing while others left with a more nuanced understanding of their political the we asked voters on the left and right to swap and how Trump took middle a month in the town of completes his series by noting that when people feel the system is they vote for whoever promises to smash Trump took middle the fearless has needed fearless independent media more. Help us hold the new president to sort fact from amplify underrepresented and understand the forces behind this divisive election and what happens next. Support the Guardian by becoming a member or making a faces awkward meeting with Japan will face some difficult questions about comments he made about US allies during his controversial campaign as he prepares to meet prime on Trump has repeatedly said that allies need to pay more for US support and suggested Japan and South should develop their own nuclear weapons. will be seeking reassurance that Trump is committed to the relationship. Japan PM to be first foreign leader to meet needed to save climate deal at says climate deal hangs in the balance unless countries present detailed plans for its the International Energy Agency said on The global executive said that the deal was merely a framework and governments must make sweeping policy changes in order to implement it. Talks over the climate deal in this week have been overshadowed by shock victory in the US as he has promised to tear up the deal during the campaign. climate deal at risk unless countries step up says Democrats must learn lessons of Sanders victory is the result of decades of rising inequality that the Democratic party has failed to grapple writes sealed the deal was the suspicion that the Democrats were too close to Wall Street and the inability of the Democratic media elite to learn the lessons from the Sanders the renowned economist writes. predicts that Trump will only exacerbate the problem. World leaders must focus on sustainable development and avoid trade deals that only benefit while hurting the must rethink or will case you missed it explains why the new film from Harry Potter author has given her faith in the future of politics. After seeing Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find explains how youth today is being indoctrinated with a culture of tolerance. Why Fantastic Beasts is a trump card for progressive US on on via on on on on on this content
As late as the it was not unusual to come across older people bemused by the idea of rectilinear breaded seafood. ever saw a fish with your might scoff. Not because he was a foodie one was in but simply because he could remember a time when food did not come frozen and reshaped so that it bore no visual resemblance to its animal was fighting a losing battle. Thirty years in this supposed nation of food fish fingers remain wildly popular. Sales have wobbled in recent but we eat more than fish fingers a day according to market behemoth Birds of us first taste fish in the form of fish fingers were once things you grew out of but that is no longer true. This for drunk students is now a staple on pub menus with handmade and but nonetheless testament to the fact that for all their relative blandness no no no was Birds launch these crispy cod pieces are particularly when slapped between two slices of bread an enduring balm for the that making a good at home is easy. You may think that industrial production to the in the by US pioneer would produce a uniform fish finger. But no. At every from the fish itself cut from huge frozen blocks of whole to the technical term for covering fish in batter and numerous tiny details have an impact on of the supermarket brands are a Which should you throw And where does Birds Eye rank these Twitter Birds Eye cod 12 cod fish Captain been hammering the Because for all the rhetorical zeal families and its trumpeting of health these rather fingers fail to dazzle. A mere by size their crumb packs a satisfyingly dry but the cod within of the where most contain lacks any real solidity and heft. it melts away a shy presence. On a these become an anonymous Northern Catch 10 cod fish Birds these fingers are made from Marine Stewardship Council approved sustainable which is one of the few positives to report. The fish filling looks apologetically thin of the roughly and the orange crumb is uneven. it offers an adequate elsewhere the texture of worn carpet. Beneath you will find a underlay of undercooked coating that sliver of fish. The dominant are breadcrumbs and tired cooking Twitter Frozen 6 chunky breaded cod these by they are as attractively tanned as a The notably peppery shells are audibly crisp and they not as comprehensively as they could are filled with a creditably thick layer of robustly textured fillet fish. The is in many places lie of wet sitting like putty under the which fundamentally undermines that crunch. You would eat these without but with no great Twitter Finest 6 chunky cod fillet fish eating bland mushy like filled with wet read my tasting notes. While big by these fingers fail on virtually all fronts. You get the occasional tastier mouthful there is some haphazard crunch in the but generally these pale fingers are a trudge of woolly fish swaddled in sticky the crumb only loosely adhered to the more blanket than tight coating. A casual two fingers to the Twitter 9 chunky breaded cod fish for their notable these look like standard golden orange in the coating offering little resistance as you put your fork through it. Chew and you will find the breadcrumb offers a brief residual crunch and a reasonable one more than The slightly fish delivers a meaty texture and a clear sweetness. there is little if any batter residue under the crumb. not Twitter Ultimate fish fingers these fingers are sold fresh not frozen for not grilling. The first batch tasted worthy and bland need more of the listed salt and cider and they required a blast under the grill to strengthen the eventually impressively crunchy crumb. A significant layer of floury batter under that crumb undermines however. The two combine to produce an overly thick coating for fish while sporadically was often mealy and lacking muscular Twitter 30 cod fillet fish the fish classic fake offering will sate ravenous but that is all they are good for. The coating a baggy is gritty if not unpleasantly but offers no crisp definition at first bite yet hides an almost gelatinous substratum of icky batter. The cod content seems until you taste it. It is classic frozen chewy. Make a sandwich with these and it would be Twitter far the Taste the Difference 8 chunky cod fish swollen fingers by are not immune to the problems outlined above. There is some glop under the crumb them a slight gluey and the while persuasively meaty for could hardly be said to taste vibrantly of cod. with their cod content and their remarkably stridently crunchy crumb deeply sparky with vinegar and these by the best in this test. These fingers get a on on via on on on on on this content
Shoppers are being warned that Black deals might not live up to the after an investigation found that many products promoted as being last year were actually cheaper before or after the and are singled out by the consumer which claims they may have broken government guidelines by inflating the price to make promotions look more should be wary of claims of massive savings this Black as they may not be as spectacular as they said the head of campaigns at might be surprised to learn that only half of Black deals are actually cheapest on Black investigated 178 deals from Black 2015 tracking the daily price moves of 20 popular electrical gadgets on and John Lewis for three months before and two months after Black They found that only 90 deals were cheapest on Black A promise of a saving on a was not as good as it as the price tag was only a pound less than on the eve of Black and it had been on promotion at in trumpeted a saving on a vacuum cleaner at yet it had been on sale for the previous day and on average for in the three months leading up to Black introduced Black discounts to in 2010 but the event is now a fixture of the retail sales calendar with John Lewis and key players in an event increasingly focused on aggressively discounted electronics and domestic appliances. Twitter A worker at warehouse in many the last weekend of coincides with the last pay day before and analysts at predict will spend over the four days starting on 25 up from in Black which always falls after the US Thanksgiving was a sale but this year it has been stretched over nearly a fortnight with Amazon starting its event on offering up to off thousands of products ranging from to cordless screwdrivers and advent calendars. When promoting a discount the price is supposed to be the most recent price the item has been sold at for 28 consecutive days or more. said it found numerous examples where it thinks and were not following the pricing practices guidance by using an higher price. makes gains as and growth hits low Read has been biggest trading day for the past three years. The which is part of the group that owns World and said it with the approach taken by comply fully with the displaying a clear date from when the price was allowing customers to make a fully informed decision. offered thousands of deals on leading brands over Black in 2015 and this event is set to be even spokesperson is the most transparent marketplace ever created for consumers to be able to compare price and service associated with it and we work hard to be exceptional on both fronts. This has been many times by work hard to ensure that any promotions we make are clear and take our obligations to consumers very seriously. sheer scale of Black great offers means that these are planned up to 12 months in advance to the value and service for our customers. That demands significant planning for a very fluid trading environment across hundreds of offers and we are always focused on offering the best price match promise all year and especially around Black on on via on on on on on this content
In the years since the global financial proposals from laureates and professors of economics for fiscal policy stimulus to boost growth have been met with widespread derision. This was mainly from the proponents of fiscal who can only see cuts to government spending as a solution to all economic despite the moribund state of the global such economic quackery is being called out by someone appears to the master of the US Trump. What a for the books. But the Trump win and his economic agenda has exposed a critical problem for the progressive side of politics in and around the what the US economy needs from Trump Read a bombastic with a void of economic accidentally becomes president of the United States and indicates that he will oversee a fiscal stimulus based on an infrastructure and spending there is a surging stock forecasts of stronger economic growth and analysis that such policy stimulus is Basil might the bleeding is intriguing to see the instant analysis from many unworldly Wall Street analysts and specialists that the US economy will be strong because of the extra government spending Trump is outlining. The hypocrisy is that long the administration and US government was brought to the brink of closure when the Republicans in Congress postponed the rise in the debt ceiling until the 11th hour because it judged fiscal policy to be too loose. They and their ilk demanded cuts in spending to address what was a moderate problem on the US budget even though economic growth was unemployment was high and deflation pressures were US economy was held to ransom by the fiscal austerity economic pretenders and suffered as a demanded a reduction in government debt from about of gross domestic product a few years there now seems to be an acceptance that a path of US debt to of but under Trump and not or is great economic share market expected to face months of uncertainty due to Trump's win Read there are other economic threats from the Trump policy agenda and these are not just to the rest of the world but also to the US economy. There is much more to than the current focus on the fiscal stimulus if the Trump proposals for a preposterous tax on imports and the accusations of currency manipulation are watered there is little doubt that and other capitals hurt by any rise in US trade restrictions would retaliate in companies might encounter difficulties in a world where trade flows are inhibited. US businesses make more than a year from their overseas operations if their access to global markets is this figure would obviously be under every job saved in the US from import there may well be a different one or even two jobs lost from damage to US trade and years the Labor party and other progressive left parties around the world have been too scared to strongly argue the case for an increase in the size of including higher as they have been hamstrung by fear of the political difficulties. This has also been evident in the agenda when trying to make a case let alone policies that redistribute income from the to the less it appears that Trump is about to trump the left on the issue of fiscal stimulus as a virtue for growth. If only the Democrats had made the case in the immediate aftermath of the financial the US economy would have been the disaffected voters would have been less inclined to swing to Trump and would likely be on on via on on on on on this content
My friend Victor who has died aged was a singer with an attractive tenor voice who achieved fame in the last days of variety as half of the urbane musical duo and stage of 10 he was born in to an and his maiden name was also Victor left in 1939 as an once in he signed up for the war effort as a steward on tankers. In 1944 he made newspaper headlines when his ship was leaving him to cut the lifeboat away from the sinking vessel West Saved in he sang and played the guitar with National Service and for dances by the League of Peoples. He formed a duo with his younger as the Brown and played in nightclubs with the guitarist He joined the troupe of veteran West Prince then formed a act with the pianist 1943 Victor married the daughter of an civil servant and in 1947 went to work as a nurse in West where joined in a move reflecting the spirit of the times. In he sang with musicians including the trumpeter ET and went into partnership in a timber enterprise. He managed a hotel in where he sang with a band that included drummer Guy Warren When his business ventures the couple were made and were helped by who doubled as a campaigning couple returned to where turned to teaching and Victor show business. Their West connections took him and Noel to the Gateways Club in where a fellow Chester played the piano for an enthusiastic audience before forming a harmony duo with now known as pair wore white tie and tails for cabaret and in they with jazz getting Quincy to write for their act and carousing with trumpeters Brown and Art Farmer. For eight years and toured and played on radio and and if the pianist attracted greater it was universally agreed that Victor was the better the Victor and moved to eventually settling in predeceased him. He is survived by three on on via on on on on on this content
They are among the hardest working men and women in football. Even before arrive at on night to provide the latest obstacle to the tottering baby steps of tenure as England those whose job it is to continue to fill began trumpeting their wares for home qualifier against matter how big the humiliation or how small the pool of the masses keep trudging up Way for the friendlies and qualifying ties that keep the tills ringing and have helped contribute to a changed financial picture the FA chief executive Martin told an industry event last will boost its revenues by a year. Stadium proposition is it is not a stone in our shoe any he plucks for England job from a bare cupboard Read more than 80,000 fans are expected at for the match. A similar number turned up to watch the workmanlike 2-0 victory over first in charge following and on night the official attendance was 87,258 bolstered by a big contingent of well refreshed but ultimately despondent the value of some of those at the FA all you but there can be little doubt that those who fill through a combination of ticket family deals and canny stretch pricing are earning their corn. And all this at a time when stock has arguably never been the apathy and general feeling of tumbleweed blowing through the Sky Sports News studios when international week rolls around particularly the breaks in and that interrupt the league season just as it is getting going that is a remarkable the fact that an average of 7 million viewers watched England beat on and this humiliating capitulation to in Nice remained the most watched event of the year until the final of the Great Bake Off proves that the half life of the national once position in the national psyche remains yet. For all international football has never felt less loved or lower down the agenda. Most of those traversing the Jubilee line or the Metropolitan line to Park are after a fairly decent night out at a modern stadium with their family or friends. The it matters rather less than it used atmosphere for a football match at increasingly feels interchangeable with that at any of the other it from pop concerts to matches. The reasons are many and varied. The expanded size of the Championship and the World Cup arguably makes these early qualification skirmishes even less of it is generational and recent must be a factor. If you are you can just about recall 1966. If you are 90 and 96 still loom large. If you are then the best you can probably manage is a dim recollection of meek surrender in the unthinkable happening are people finally switching the football Read given the number of kids at on good value family many younger fans feel more engaged with their chosen club side be it Arsenal or or even individual than their there is something wider at work too. An overload of televised the feeling that international football no longer represents the pinnacle of the sport and the sheer lack of quality on show must all were the first to suffer from this creeping sense of ennui and it has now extended to the bloated qualifying process for major finals too. If follows through on plans to expand the World Cup to 48 expect it to accelerate still at a time when there is a similarly complex and knotty debate raging about whether the public appetite for football generally is falling amid a feeling of perhaps the international break is doing the Premier League and its broadcasting paymasters the ultimate by prompting a yearning for its on on via on on on on on this content
Comprehensive schools have improved our lives. The evidence that they are better for our children and for all of us is overwhelming. Which is why 60 including the Royal Society for the Encouragement of Manufactures and put their names to an open letter in pleading for the ban on new grammar schools to remain. in the face of overwhelming expert do so many members of the some and the prime minister want to press ahead with more selective is possible to select a subset of grammar schools and to suggest that the minority of children from poorer backgrounds who attend that small set do go on to get better but that does not provide evidence that the grammar school model is good in general. It also does not question the orthodoxy that it is always better to get higher grades in exams. If all we needed was lots of people who were especially skilled at exam it would be but that is not what we lack as a country. We lack rounded adults with a wide range of skills who respect and understand each abilities and a grammar school into an area does not only harm schooling in that immediate district but also in areas. Despite more people are in of creating new grammar schools than would be in of ending selection in those that still exist Among those who attended grammar schools would like to see more built. the old who are most in of argument for grammar schools is similar to the argument for leaving the It is about people wanting something better than they currently and believing that a return to the past will be an improvement and that are not to be believed. However it is also an argument against carrying on as we and against the rising inequality of recent decades that has resulted in selection by house the antidote to academies Read majority of people in England do not want to defend comprehensive just as they want to defend council or having a health service treating elderly people as it did in the People want something better than what is currently on offer. They are also not stupid enough to believe that their children will all pass the although a little like voting for the rise in individualism in the has harmed our collective do not want their child to have to attend a local comprehensive that is severely underfunded after years of cuts hidden behind the of having They do not want their children to be assigned to the school in which almost all the teachers are very young because staff turnover is so and in which few children have parents the school which those the tend to may also not want their precious child to be forced to attend an exam factory in which every C and B that can be squeezed out of them will be squeezed out of in which not going to university is as failure. It is not impossible that some parents probably more see the return of grammar schools as an opportunity to have more secondary moderns for the bulk of children who are bored with being continually pushed along a tedious national given so much and treated as a for like the choice currently on the table is between as or Business as usual is now a complex competing set of many of which are now academies. Business as usual already includes selection at age 16 because academies can and do refuse to accept pupils who do not score high enough grades across a wide range of is the market that decides what makes a grades high enough for them to be able to stay in their academy at age 16. Children and their parents find out if they are winners on the day results are released. If their results are not good they have just a few days to let the educational market in their town find alternative provision unless their child was persuaded to jump earlier to a vocational technical college at the age of from which they are unlikely to go on to university. Twitter Pupils at a secondary school. for the children need different challenges at different ages. Other countries understand but that does not mean having to be in very different schools from each has not been put on the table is any alternative to business as usual that is not just a return to the past. Exactly the same mistake was made when the electorate was given a remain or leave choice over has historically made big changes to public service provision when it has been forced to do so. The was introduced in 1948 partly because the middle class could no longer afford private fees. Comprehensives were introduced across most of the country in the partly because at a time of high economic equality the middle class could no longer afford to pay for private education if their children failed the We are facing another financial crisis today not just as a result of a falling but because of the fallout of the 2008 financial education is inefficient and hence expensive. Academy schools and chains are also prone to concerns about and to the negative effects of competition to increase grades. Children are served best in countries such as where there is no equivalent of no league and only a small random sample of work is occasionally tested to monitor school are a long way from achieving anything like the success of the model of but how could we begin to move towards and could we do so while also saving I think we would a crusader for grammar schools is having his moment Read school senior management teams are large and expensive. Do two schools really need two separate senior management teams or could one team do a better with the ability to move teachers and eventually pupils between If we were to remove competition between we could begin to reduce the stigma built up over decades that surrounds some of our local schools. That stigma began to be significant only with the widespread publication of school league tables in the If the state schools in a small town were combined under one governing then only the town as a whole would be ranked. And when catchments began to become less the housing price differentials across a town should we should aim to fund our state schools as well as they are funded in per but that is a aspiration. In the short unless we know what it is we want new cooperation rather than old competition we stand little chance of getting and a good chance of moving back to the bad old days of might think such cooperation can never happen. there are already 800 schools in the And they are beginning to regionally with more plans in place for first comprehensive school was up and running long before the comprehensive movement became mainstream. The first schools are already here now we need to explain again and again why cooperation trumps competition in education. Almost any fool can be taught to achieve an if enough resource is thrown at them. We need children who become adults who understand that there is so much more to learning than simply achieving grades in an 15 heard of supermarkets and funeral but what is a school is a state primary or that has partly or fully opted out of local authority control and turned itself into a with members and a commitment to the values of the schooling began in the north of England in the as one of the projects of the early be formally designated a cooperative in recent times was Reddish Vale High in in are now 811 139 of them secondaries. More than 700 of these are foundation trust with values equity and solidarity written into the constitutions of the charitable trusts that own their land and assets. Some trusts control only one but more include a secondary and a group of feeder or a group of local primaries that want to work such as the Coastal Alliance foundation trust in formed earlier this of the first schools sought more autonomy than is granted by trust and in 2010 the Department for Education approved a model for converter including a values clause in their articles of association. Today 74 schools are and the who chairs the Schools to which many of them describes the past few years as a period of Two Church of England primary schools have just joined the trust he leads in City Learning and become the first faith schools in the process. Twitter Most people think of food rather than schools when they think of the is tempting to view the whole schools as promoted in the first instance by the College a and not a college as a rebellion against the education policies of the past 30 years. says its heart not probably in spoke with enthusiasm of creating a new generation of and while some of the early foundation trusts were seen as a means of fending off there are now at least 12 trusts the model running about 80 schools. the Academies Trust with eight schools in the north of is sponsored by the Group and shares its typeface with supermarkets and funeral meaning raising standards measured in exam results and league has moved to front and of what the Schools Society with seven devolved regional setting up their own school improvement schools that are formally designated do not have a monopoly on the ideas schools have embraced. is at the school in and explains that although the school has stayed with the local feel got cooperation is one of and solidarity and unity and collaboration are question to what extent schools really are a former maths teacher and now a University became interested in them because he thought they might support professional one of his research areas. of schools tends to mean autonomy of he says. member control one one vote is a and could be a way for teachers to have a greater say in how they are But he believes the central accountability demanded in the current and emphasis on targets and make such ideas difficult to view is that the schools are more in name than in the fundamental value of workplace once met a in who was elected by his and agrees gone that in England. But he says he would have an open mind if he came across a proposal or pilot as have to be prepared to take risks to He most schools try to do is treat their staff very and subscribe to levels of pay that unions agree present the government is trying to move towards a system of school appointing accountants and other professionals though the education recently dropped a plan to remove altogether the right of parents to be represented on governing bodies. Ward believes the whereby parents and the local community elect members of a forum that advises a governing is the ideal schools should benefit from help and advice from other since are to support each on on via on on on on on this content
not all about means May has made it clear that it is she who will ultimately decide what that means. But the prime minister is deluding herself. And not convinced despite the recent high court the House of Commons is about to shape our negotiating strategy. Our fate lies not only in the but also in those of our is all down to the rules of the game. Forget article 50. The real issue is that the deal that the strikes with its partners about our future economic relations with the will require unanimous not by leaders meeting in the council by parliaments across the if you include those regions with voting there are crime inquiry head warns against up in campaigns Read if not of the other member states enjoy pretty healthy levels of trade with the This provides an economic incentive for all parties to come to an amicable settlement that preserves these economic relations. Jobs are at stake on the continent economic rationality does not always win the day when it comes to political decisions. Just for some in this the principle of restoring sovereignty trumped issues of profit and so for some of our issues other than economic advantage might determine their reactions to an attempt to understand continental attitudes to for a Radio 4 to be aired this I took a short trip and talked to politicians in four member states the and the Republic where elections are due next year. Not a representative but enough to give an impression of the incentives that might shape the negotiations to should come as no surprise that one person celebrating the referendum outcome was an from Front National. Having described how he had popped open the champagne on 24 he quickly added that his glee would work against challenges plan will face include and politicians having no interest in allowing an exit deal that strengthens Marine Pen. And their desire to send a political message is shared by centrist politicians in the nervously tracking the electoral prospects of their own populist The Dutch traditionally may have been a close and reliable ally of ours in the but politics is and an attractive deal is not in the political interest of the governing politicians in the it is the threat to their countrymen rather than to the political that preoccupies the political class. Reports of increased levels of violence and abuse towards eastern were given prominence in the domestic and political leaders have been quick to promise to do all in their power to address the it is against this background that they will approach negotiations with a government keen to secure as much trade with the as while controlling migration into the And the draw a line. Freedom of movement is one of the key attractions of membership for the people of central and eastern Diluting the principle to help to say the not a high priority in at the brings us to The high volume of trade that enjoy with has convinced many in this country that would not be willing to impose economic pain on her country by insisting on a deal that imposed barriers to commerce. so the argument the big manufacturers will lobby hard to preserve access to a key to think this is to mistake the mood in A senior official from a prominent association told me ruefully that his members were already suffering ill effects from frantic efforts to persuade the government to limit this pain were proving MP from the governing explained why. As far as government is the challenge of is akin to that of dealing with after its invasion of Then too business leaders warned of economic pain if sanctions were imposed on But the government held the political imperative to be more important than the economic calculation. he added with someone would prove to be the case in negotiations with as ministers to discuss plan to charge to visit after Read it is not just in that politics will trump economics. The Dutch equivalent of the Office for Budget Responsibility has predicted a loss in the region of over the next 15 years in the event of a The Dutch government is simply incorporating the figure into its economic planning. My Front National friend with some that the elite was willing to risk jobs to protect the and undermine the prospects of his party in next all the differences in their domestic political our partners for the moment at united when it comes to the negotiations. And this is seen most clearly in their hostility to the idea that the should be allowed to benefit from the single market while restricting freedom of is not borne out of any desire to punish us. Everyone I spoke to was genuinely sad that we have voted to leave. But ultimately they all acknowledge that their own whether they be domestic or in ensuring the stability of the take precedence over their friendship with there is a long way to go until the negotiations let alone finish. And especially contemporary has a habit of surprising us. Nothing about is preordained. from where we stand we just need a we need to overcome the attitudes of our or it is likely to be an economically painful on on via on on on on on this content
The had an impact on fashion. What effect will the Trump presidency have on the fashion writing this from under my where been wearing my pantsuit for seven days straight now. I have drunk all the alcohol in the house so have since moved on to cleaning fluids. seeing which is what I hoped for because I think all had quite enough of reality this week. liquid is my tipple of choice turned to this article to get a break from all the election coverage. Light or maybe just a change of tune. And I want to oblige I really do. But hard to be all making jokes are and did you see what wore this usually what happens when starting to eye up the oven cleaner as a Freeman. a professional. You covered the hell that is menswear fashion weeks four years running you can handle this. So what can we say about the Trump era on own from a fashion and did affect fashion. In is on the cover of US Vogue this month again looking so gorgeous you wonder how any models get jobs these popularity among fashion folk is because the are genuinely and going to use a technical term here so have a dictionary ready hot as hell. This demographic as I believe they are called nowadays genuinely liked and that made it even easier to hold them up as fashion brings us to the Trumps. I appreciate we should all be approaching this presidency with an open mind and hopeful heart and But I think a pretty safe bet that be inviting and Trump to grace the pages of her magazine with quite the same joy in her heart as she did with the sure Trump supporters and doubtless Trump himself will put this down to and and a fair of given prejudice against billionaires. And despite Vogue has been a friend of the Trump family for as is inevitable given that and Trump were both major figures in New so probably waved at each other across the Four Seasons every other day for the past three decades. adored little too adored for the comfort of some of has been featured in gushing fashion magazine articles for years. And somehow I think going to happen any more. hard to present a young woman as the paragon of modern day feminism she has babies and And gets a daily blow HOW DOES SHE DO when her father is on tape talking about his fondness for giving women surprise manual smear almost all his life Trump just wanted and his urge to run was almost certainly lit when publicly mocked him at the 2011 White House Dinner. And he But at the cost of ever him or his family ever having any respect from precisely the kind of people he always wanted it from. Is this an O Henry short story or a cartoon So in terms of their affect on high I think the Trumps will have much of an impact. Is this elitism or just fashion people not feeling especially fond of a politician who won by employing blatantly misogynistic and racist Because of all the things you can the fashion industry it at employ a lot of women and gay men. So it tends to have a pretty liberal and you can call that elitism if you but it looks more like people simply following their beliefs to me. I say you say grab by the pussy. Pass the oven cleaner. Twitter Swift why the we politics are decided by celebrities these days. Which celebrities failed us this I have no appetite for the blame game. the We will never have a woman president because a vulgarian is about to destroy the world. I will make an exception when it comes to blaming celebrities and SWIFT I AM LOOKING AT we all know white women without college degrees voted for Trump. But you know who white women listen right Swift. Swift remained intriguingly silent during the which seemed considering her best was anything but. Even and very admission that she was voting for was made through the medium of a polo neck an rather than a why the Maybe she feared alienating her base. Maybe her loathing for who has long been a trumped her politics. Maybe just a big coward. Who But you know Making music videos with Secret models about how much you love female solidarity means sod all if you even be bothered to speak up for a woman running against a raging misogynist. Walk the on on via on on on on on this content
In John surprised his fans by releasing an album in collaboration with the singer and songwriter whom he described as biggest had been out of the limelight for three but in the early he had been at the heart of some of pop biggest events. He led and the touring ensemble Mad Dogs and headlined by the soul singer Cocker. he was featured at the Concert for set up by and others to raise funds for the victims of severe his trademark top hat with stars and stripes decoration and with flowing hair and long straggly performed a medley of the Young Blood and the Rolling Jack in what Rolling Stone magazine called his who has died aged first made his mark as a songwriter by with Bonnie Delta Lady for Cocker. He subsequently supplied The Carpenters with their 1971 hit and with This a winner in 1977. most widely recorded composition is A Song for of which there are more than 40 by singers as varied as and Nelson. Prior to these had excelled as a studio musician in as a member of the Wrecking a team of versatile instrumentalists who added to hit records by the the and many was born in He began piano lessons at the age of four and played the trumpet at high school. At his the were appearing in clubs when he was presented with a stark study for entrance exams to university or go on the road in support of Jerry Lee Lewis. The group went on following which the renamed decided to try his luck in found work in nightclubs and was soon in demand as a pianist for recording sessions. found himself working alongside such figures as the guitarist Glen and the drummer Among the tracks on which he can be heard is the Be My produced by Tambourine Man by the Girls by the Beach Boys and A Taste of Honey by Herb and the took the role of arranger on This Diamond Ring by Lewis and the Playboys and Groovy by Harpers Bizarre. In 1968 he struck out on his building a studio at his home in the Hills. There he worked with the guitarist on an album released as the Asylum he worked on eponymous released in and set up Shelter Records with manager and producer When backing group took charge of rehearsals for a tour in 1970 using a band and the same number of all lived at Cocker recalled. ran round in the nude and had some pretty wild times. was into this revivalist thing. Before a meal he would say a little According to Mad Dogs and was designed as a mobile commune of friends and family tour was a great spawning a film documentary and earning an invitation to join the of the 1971 events. In the same year he recorded with Bob and the Rolling Stones. Proof of promotion to the pop A list came when numerous superstars including and Rolling Stones members made guest appearances on his 1970 solo was now at the height of his popularity in live performance and on record. reached No 2 in the US album charts and the following year a recorded in front of a 70,000 crowd at Long Beach Arena in peaked at No the end of the had also turned his attention to country music. Using the pseudonym Hank he had recorded the first of four albums of classic country songs in 1973 and became a regular guest at annual music collaborating with Nelson on the album One for the Road he had returned to and in the he established a pattern of issuing records of his own compositions and touring sporadically. This continued until 2009 when John persuaded him to make the album The Union. A film documenting this process was directed by The renewed interest in career triggered his election to both the Hall of Fame and the Hall of Fame in first to the singer who duetted with him on The Wedding Album in ended in divorce. He is survived by his second Lee and their Honey and by two Teddy Jack and from his first and by a from a previous relationship with musician and born 2 died 13 and on on via on on on on on this content
With the arrival of the current generation of virtual much of the battle for hardware supremacy has focused on one seemingly esoteric the between image resolution and may seem like a curiously technical point on which to define a consumer product but with how a game is displayed just a matter of it can severely impact user and even function. In designing their respective the teams behind Rift and Vive opted to offer high display resolution. Each headset sports a 2160 x 1200 overall comfortably trumping 1920 x 1080 why did choose to make sacrifices in image One it is that has forgone peak resolution so as running at an impressive 120 capably beating the offered by and some content for headset is bumped from to the full via an approach named but the point stands. sacrifices resolution in of more comfortable potential for fluidity means a less jarring experience as you spin your head when inside a virtual which in turn serves ultimate presence. This is the most striking element of a quality virtual reality the sense that you really occupy the world you are visiting. But as potent as that sensation can with a stutter of the screen image the illusion can come crashing 4 Pro which already offers several advantages away from hopes to bolster position on this arcane With a faster and more powerful graphics processing than the standard it promises to augment the capabilities of the hardware. We set out to see just how noticeable this Twitter Until Rush of Blood boost the Pro provides to slightly adjusts the potentially bettering both image and movement quality. Any is strictly limited by the existing which is locked at the aforementioned 1920 x 1080 resolution. In other whatever technical powerhouse you plug into the screen is the size it is. It is not and does not support two features on which the Pro is being sold to traditional flat display the upgraded does promise to improve smoothness and consistency for which should further remove and blur from any virtual reality game for the Pro. That is an important note. Many future releases will come while numerous existing titles have already been prepared for the machine via an key is what real difference does this all make to those Without considering a given game typically looks only delicately improved by the more powerful Across the spread of smaller experiences in own there appears to be a little more graphical finesse via a while in the more complex Until Rush of Blood or there is more discernible improvement in detail and texturing. The tangle of within Res do look as if they are a touch more vibrant and present. Twitter The Journey is one of the first to be out of the box for Pro then tale of being stranded alone on a island. from is perhaps the game regardless of the console version powering it. But bolstered by detail at distance is notably in tandem with support for the enhanced lighting effects exposing that visual quality. Add in higher quality texture filtering and more seamless level of detail and while the difference is neither striking nor is definitely a prettier game when played through a all titles tested still carry a resolution somewhat lower than scene of a typical flat thanks to resolution of 960 x so the upgraded console remains fundamentally comparable to that enjoyed on a vanilla But something else to Twitter Even sedate experiences such as Tumble get a subtle but noticeable benefit from Pro to move around a little more and a few more benefits Most there is less motion blurring. A sharp flick of the head from left to right reveals that even rapid movements are greeted with slightly steadier all of which makes things more and more The improvement is but the impact is more significant it can make all the difference between a comfortable experience and a nightmare. Even in like the understated block stacking puzzler that improvement can be and for more energetic experiences like shooter Mechanized Combat League or Scavengers things do feel a touch more fluid. the improvement wild or but something feels Infinite is very comfortable with the intensity setting pushed to its upper limit via a and back in the front seat of the experience does feel just a shade more comfortable and less demanding of the senses. But then was always a comfortable has a few too many moments that trigger motion sickness on a standard 4 and over on the the same despite all the improvements to level of detail generation and texture filtering. That alone highlights an oft forgotten point when considering the quality and usability of a arguably the onus is on the not the more good though. loading times have been cut a good which also limits how much texture blights games another factor that can significantly impact a sense of presence. And while it is a small the extra port on the rear does make the abundant wiring a tidier leaving an extra port free at the front for controller an important consideration when juggling the power levels of Move controllers as well as The 4 Pro does make a difference to but for it is and the true potential may only emerge with time as more and more titles hip with features. If you are particularly prone to simulation or motion getting a Pro now may just make a positive difference to your those beguiled by even the most delicate improvements to graphically there should be some appeal. And if you are already set to gain from the perks the Pro then the fact that also have access to the best version of one of the most accessible experiences could make it very worth your on on via on on on on on this content
I have spent 42 years pushing against a patriarchy that tries to tell me what to look what to who to demur and that there are many things that I do because female. The weaker I gave birth. I be balled up on the ground if kicked in the groin. tiring and it takes a toll. And keep pushing in my own steady way. For Frank has taken the White House and he has the liberals to 10 to leave sexism out of his response piece wholesale one and to choose to use the word toward the end of his a word which conjures up images of women has a man been called leaves me frustrated and tired. whom sure is a wonderful person in many is as sexist as the next and faced his own inner or not you think had the best interest of the lower class and working middle class in for Frank to say that she really that her email server was a real issue and that would have been a better choice is just a cloak for his inability to face himself in the his or to the detriment of at least of half of Frank is not alone in his unacknowledged sexism. Even when we pit a woman against the least competent candidate we could for arguably the most important job there our society as a whole stomach voting for her. Voters literally stayed home from the polls rather than elect a woman. throw this Frank article in the virtual trash where it and instead read response articles penned by feminists all We have work to Amid the negativity and strong words about the result of the presidential it is important that we stay positive and true to our morals and unlike Trump. As a young feminist and member of the younger I can certainly say that I will not tolerate revolting words against women and those who fit his of a perfect citizen. From I am reminded of the standards of how men should behave towards with respect and events of this year have taught and to me the importance of staying positive and not letting morals and standards slip because of the of a leader such as Trump. has particularly to women and that anything is possible if you truly and that women can be and are champions for this. As she said in her is still much work to be and the only way we will aid the work ahead is if we stand together with positive energy and hope against people like fear and In an otherwise searching article 12 falls prey to the same negativism in attitudes toward women politicians that writing about. While it is true that staggering of white women voted against it is not true that a female candidate did not carry even the female Some of women voted for not all but all Is it possible that we are appalled by his have underestimated Is it possible that the unpleasant vilification of and ludicrous promises were his carefully calculated pose to woo those voters he as disillusioned with the establishment and longing for That the wall was never going to be that the secretary of state was never going to be sent to that the clampdown on communities could be quietly that would survive and trade treaties would remain is where he wants to be. He will have real power. He will use it to get what he really wants. He is a a negotiator. He knows how to choose and use talented people who can deliver his goals. Let us by all means be fearful of what those goals might but let us also look beyond the smokescreen of his performance in the campaign. Listen to the change of tone of his carefully emollient victory speech. Remember how he the other contenders and shrugged off the disdain of the Republican hierarchy. Let us hope that liberals will not write him off as a fool who cannot possibly It is interesting to reflect that while all recent US presidents W have made very public professions of attachment to the Trump does not appear to share this. None of his frequent utterances over the last year have alluded to and his actions and words during the election campaign were hardly those of a quite the opposite. So we may reasonably assume that the Tea Party religious a key influence in his is now headed up by an amoral infidel. That would be one of the weirder outcomes of 8 How come liberals encourage violence while exercising their freedom of speech 12 This is something never understand. You always speak of love and understanding when making conservatives knuckle under to your yet when you get your way after a fair election you unhinge like a crazed old. property foul language and disrespect for the individual and country. This is a liberal who loses. Your hypocrisy is The protesters in cities all appear to be in the twenties. This is the particularly if they are who have been brought up on the shibboleths of political safe spaces and cultural while being protected from viewpoints and literature running counter to their sensibilities. All of these are bound to trump democracy. They must be At a time of great uncertainty and anxiety following the election of we should seek inspiration from the recent past. The say you want a exhibition currently at the museum charts the exhilarating optimism of the late when millions of people tried to create a better world through fashion and positive social change and everything seemed possible. We must work to restore that spirit of To all those who claimed that attracting enthusiastic crowds was meaningless because it translate into guess Will there now be a rush of babies named even as a result of elections on on via on on on on on this content
Legendary rock the has reopened with an emotional gig by the singer a year after gunmen burst in and killed 90 people during a series of terrorist attacks in the capital. The former Police appeared on stage to cheers as hundreds of including families of the victims and crowded together struggling to comprehend how gunmen could have burst into the venue now completely refurbished to cover up its lasting including a new stage and red velvet curtains and opened fire on music fans in one of the most brutal attacks on soil since the second world told the crowd in got two important things to do tonight to remember and those who lost their lives in the attacks a year ago. And then to celebrate the life and the music of this historic shall not forget before holding a silence on opened his set with a gentle version of one of his later which captured the cautious apprehension and sadness in the but as he launched into a raucous rendition of the Police hit Message in a the audience began to trust him to lead the through what felt like a vital and inescapable return to but which was no less raw and painful. In the audience were many parents and relatives of the 90 people who were killed last when watching rock band the Eagles of Death Metal. Twitter People wait outside the before it reopens. Sting gave an emotional rendition of the Police hit Every Breath You one bereaved mother in a balcony seat took out a framed holiday photo of her son in his who was killed during the massacre and held it on her lap facing the as if ensuring he was watching the gig. Other parents wiped away of the songs which Sting sang were written before many of the victims were born but they had a resonance with the some of whom were carrying who were resolved to enjoy the gig to the full as a memorial to their love of live last time I played the it was Sting told the crowd. had written a song in in 1978 and here it he said before belting out as many of the parents clapped and trumpeter was applauded as he joined Sting on stage for several who survived the massacre while his friend was said it was the first time he had been to a public place since the as he had avoided bars and gatherings. Twitter People gather around flowers and candles laid next to the to mark the anniversary of the attack. here because important to finally finish a concert that was never allowed to he said. for the memory of my friend and for all the 90 people who came alone tonight. very as I keep getting flashbacks of that night. I was standing just just the other side of the bar when it happened. Tonight is the first time been back here Another Jack waited across the road from the in the Barometer where she had been rushed to after the attack. She from for the commemorations in this weekend. if not symbolic for me to be here she said. But two members of the Eagles of Death Metal were turned away from the reopening gig by the This followed a after the singer told US earlier this year he had suspicions the attack was prepared with help from inside and cast suspicions on the security of the told I threw them there are things you closed his set sitting alone on stage with an acoustic performing a song he had written in memory of the journalist killed by State in in 2014. He told the audience that the song was everyone who has lost The lyrics included the my place and the empty somehow be on on via on on on on on this content
ladle from a pot of soup with a charmingly sanguine the ladle that turns legend into plastic reality. a whole family in fact and Baby designed to satisfy all your ladle and needs. Twitter insults tea a classier argument over whose turn it is to wash up the turkey pan. The snazzy tea towel is packed with from Perfect for the loon in your life. Death Star Fire Pit Twitter beats grilling steaks and frying sausages to the sound of millions of voices crying out in terror. by a retired war veteran in deepest New the scariest present ever. Twitter Flood Gallery in rock meets baking in 58 recipes by Eve and inspired by the likes of the and Deep Purple. Prepare yourself for Ginger Baker Out of not to mention Glazed and Confused Cocaine and heroin salt and pepper shakers wants to shake up your dinner party. His special condiments will have your dad living out his fantasies and your popping round for a roast more often. jumper Twitter Have yourself a little in this top featuring king of For those who fail to see what the Drake has to do with the festive consider almost impossible not to end up feeling sorry for yourself at some point over jacket Twitter luxe bomber jacket embroidered with runic symbols is perfect for the hipster seeking a soft and shiny way to signify emotional depth. of Thrones not just coming here. So ditch the furs and don this fine piece instead. Not only will you win the jumper own the last two in the kingdom. Twitter finest pirate radio station captured the heart this starring in People Just Do Nothing and playing garage anthems in nightclubs up and down the country. So channel your inner G with this up your hand gesture Twitter Occasional and Wise sunshine silhouette of and skipping away to Bring Me Just the thing for watching the festive special. Twitter Live a relative who loves to large superstar may be more warmly received than yet another Ministry of Sound Available in his and with the signature mouse ears on the hood. Accessories Twitter Things tote you are what you wear on your tote. So for no better choice than one paying homage to the hit series Stranger Things. Wear with glasses for the full effect. Father John Misty earrings Twitter Celebrated for sneering at all things Father John Misty has now entered ironic hoping these crystal earrings will give you the right this Twitter Starry Night Van Starry Night a bad stab at a moonlit but did he miss a trick by painting it on boring old it looks better rendered in cotton and displayed on a calf. Woody guitar badge Twitter gorgeous enamel badge is based on the guitar played by Woody daubed with the machine kills The great folk revivalist would have loved its very price tag. Twitter knitted pointy hat used to be how you told the world been to in your gap year. Now you can merge your love of ear warmth with your passion for Star Wars Altogether are not the looking Miss Piggy clutch bag Twitter Spade New Need a present for a help is at hand from the most stylish diva. Her new collaboration with Spade includes key and necklace. case Turner had had an he would have probably have protected it with this made to look like a tray of paints complete with drips and a brush that needs a rinse. Just put it down in an studio. Something from the bar Twitter New Order Blue with a Stray the craft beer from electronic rock behemoths. The drink is described by the brewer behind as and clean with hints of citrus fruit and balanced by a subtle Its head brewer was a Hacienda regular. Wine Twitter Eminent red wine Goes to my such insight marked them out as sommeliers. In a branding exercise that took 33 years too you can now drink their own vino a from 2014. Twitter Sainted prayer saintliness is the crux of this gift. Though it looks as if it will last a good few during which time will glow a surprisingly believable nun. Alternative Music metallic gold print Twitter than 300 pivotal managers and record all beautifully represented as a transistor radio circuit board. Impress friends and family by being able to tell your Black Flag from your White Stripes. Twitter House of you and your beloved first lock eyes to Smells Like Teen Do you know a who swears that only Chandelier can ease the pain of Now you can frame that special piece of music by creating an image of its Any song or clip giggle will work. coaster set rap but hate all those annoying stains on your coffee Then choose six coasters from this set of 41. The selection skews toward the older Snoop end of the and several stars bear only a passing resemblance to but the overall effect is fly. Twitter The sculpture book you have 26 miles of art books that need or just a teetering pile of No matter these inspired by the ancient sculpture Marathon will lend a classical elegance to any library. Tiny arcade machine that will fit in the palm of your hand. Using just some tape and a you assemble this before loading it up with free which you can even design yourself if so inclined. Twitter latest concertina book from which has already tackled human flight and doomed sea tells the story of train travel on one with a magnificently chaotic tableaux of hissing engines on the other. Yellow Submarine Twitter dive to as the Four get the treatment in this Yellow Submarine set that even comes with telescope. All you need is 553 bricks. Could be Rain suit for never too early to introduce the next generation to and this costume is an excellent first step. made of so any arising from playground scraps over which of his albums was best are easily washed away. Harry Potter curse pencils Twitter set of pencils inspired by some of the scariest curses in Harry Potter. Mind Extreme Instant But these spells could get you life in Stocking bath bombs Twitter Skin Care misery and track down your figures from the comfort of a scented bath instead. These bombs dissolve to leave you not just with essential oils and pink but also a small plastic fun figure. Clash of the Old Masters trump cards brought more of the or Who was more of a or Who gives you more bang for your or Pit 32 artists against each other in the ultimate game of trump. air freshener rapper released an album since but this air freshener impregnated with the scent of Taffy candy will keep your ride fragrant while he gets on with it. Intended to dangle from the it bears the legend with the under his sculpted features. Untranslatable Words card set Twitter What does the word If someone from said they were feeling would you know how to These words from other have been gathered together in a handsome set of flashcards to hold up silently when things get too much over the seasonal period. Books Twitter Ken Art of and pirouettes of more than 70 dancers have been captured by photographers Ken and for this lavish collection. Subjects include Misty and stars from New City Ballet. Comes with some frank dancer insights about your soul to the night after night. Modern Toss Mindless Violence Book Twitter Modern the woman with a baseball bat setting about a businessman on a to two guys scrapping in a pond as yachts sail Modern Toss show still life in the comedy book genre. Twitter spotters series has been by New titles include a era the While It Lasts points for a leisure a Pets one for a dog on a as well as At the School subtitled My Better Than Your Mum for 40 for Houses and Monuments of Twitter and produced the first accurate reproductions of wall paintings using the then new technique of lithography in a series of mammoth volumes published in resurrects their achievement in this sumptuous tome. Twitter How a Show About Nothing Changed book reveals the origins of all your catchphrases and characters Soup as well as which episodes made angriest and who the real Crazy is. Bitten by Witch Wallpaper Arsenic in the by Twitter quirky book examining a killer in the the glorious wallpapers that were created using a toxic compound of arsenic and verdigris. The title was a phrase coined by owner of a highly profitable arsenic who used it to fears that people were being poisoned in their own homes. tells the story in chapters interleaved with fabulous culture and and on on via on on on on on this content
One of leading exponents of what miners and conservative politicians brand environmental has been thrust into the role of trying to win what the Greens consider their most winnable seat at the next state a lawyer at the Environmental Defenders Office who has played a key role in a slew of court battles against Alpha Coal and New Coal will be the Greens candidate for the inner seat of Mount will go head to head with the government environment also the first to hold the title of minister for the Great Barrier who was swept to office in 2015 on the back of strong Green said it was exciting to be standing in the state seat the Greens considered most likely to swing their way in the near future. Coal is still king in their on the ALP and their candidate credentials as an environmental as well as through his extensive work challenging some of most contentious mining will be held up as a direct challenge to Miles in an increasingly Greens convener and former federal senator said who had worked on eight cases against big miners since was absolute star of the environment a scientist and environmental lawyer dedicated his working life to protect ecosystems and communities from the excesses of the fossil fuel said. Twitter meets some residents of Mount scientific knowledge and experience with complex legislation make him an ideal Green voice in the next state said that despite advocacy and some wins for environmental public support for would play well in Mount because he ran so strongly on his credentials in terms of the reef and he ostensibly is opposed to the expansion into the he appears to just not have the weight within cabinet to achieve any of those outcomes that his electors in Mt seem to be very concerned about. think Mt voters will be very pleased by the extreme support the ALP has shown for and in recent trajectory of Green voters in parts of inner has sounded alarm bells for Labor strategists who warn that the while facing a fight in the regions from a resurgent One also risks being outflanked to the left in the leafy suburbs of the state mine to be given status in sign of support Read victory of first Greens to inner south ward the in this local government election raised questions about what kind of challenge left faction deputy might face in her overlapping South the Greens announced social scientist and community worker as the candidate to take on who has overseen the approval of a controversial West Village development that represents the kind of local concerns will tap the Greens victory in the ward I think people now possible for the Greens to win seats in only state representative to MP defected from Labor in 2008 but did not win as a Greens believe who plans to campaign on corporate housing and growing wealth could win South by swinging 1500 votes her nowhere does a Green ascendancy appear more possible than in Mount Miles with of the primary vote trumped his Liberal National rival on thanks to preferences from the Greens on elects its first Greens Read the local government election this of voters in Mt booths put the Greens compared with for Labor the on the federal the Greens took of primary votes in the booths where Labor took numbers like these that would exercise the mind of former state Labor now federal who said in March that election was I had always feared happening but always hoped would be avoided the long term repercussions for based on the Greens gaining a representative toe hold are who performed reviews of the New South Wales and election campaigns for wrote in the that election heralded the arrival of the Greens as serious challengers in urban evidence out of and is once the Greens win lower house seats in the inner they are incredibly hard to dislodge and they also are able to expand out to seats over said he was unsurprised by comments about the threat to Labor posed by Greens in think they reflect the reality that Labor actually provide a real progressive voice for he voters on the left who are genuinely concerned about these key progressive issues like a sustainable reproductive sustainable development more broadly those voters no longer have a voice in the state election is due by 2018 but is widely expected to take place some time in said his campaign would hinge in large part on his own background at the front line of environmental legal think the immediate experience I have with these major resource projects provides a stark contrast to the alternative in Miles and the ALP where coal is still king in their he agreed his work may also provoke a response from conservatives who have waged a prolonged public relations battle against those who take big miners to always viewed the response as fairly shrill and a sensationalist response to what is a perfectly legitimate exercise of legal rights by concerned community groups and he think the voters in Mt have a clear enough understanding of these fundamental tenets of democracy and rule of law to that is something of a political scapegoat in circumstances where governments like the choice of particular groups to exercise their frustrates me immensely hearing politicians and lobbyists describing when none of vexatious. If any one piece of litigation were it would be thrown out of court immediately. It be heard and decided the way all these cases have chair of management said while it respected the right of anyone to run for it not promote or oppose any particular political party or promotes changes to law and policy which protect the environment and advance sustainable she on on via on on on on on this content
match report from of slick headers put feeble in their place Read verdict on and time must be over after gamble against England fails Read more Three sharp finishes enabled England to take advantage of shoddy defending. who pressed England well and passed better than the hosts in the first had chances to score and really rattle England but they fluffed them. Neither side showed enough quality to suggest be challenging for the World Cup but the result means England are closing in on the tournament. are second from bottom in the group and may soon be searching for a new manager. approach to this game was mind Disappointment for the fans at the final whistle. Tom for the Guardian Walker plays a back giving a sniff of a chance to chopped down from behind by a booking for and proof that England are not good enough to pose. 89 choose as their man of the with mentions for Walker and Rose. argue with that. give a nod to too. slides into Kyle Walker. Tom for the Guardian 86 A a palpable After prolonged get a toe to the putting it out for a to England. 83 England are showing a disgraceful lack of bloodthirstiness here. are beaten and England should be going all guns blazing to inflict more pain on their enemy. But should about. come to think of must be more galling for the So fair enough. The England fans enjoy the match at Tom for the Guardian off. 80 to England. Thirty yards out and nearly dead central. toys with the idea of paying tribute to Hotshot but eventually elects to try a delicate curler towards the top corner. It hits the wall and goes behind. off. The Derby County reserve did reasonably well as an experimental 79 With and also winning at the could fall to fifth in the group above only 78 get caught in a state of confusion outside their own box. nicks the ball and slips it through to Sterling inside the area. Surrounded by he tries to thread the ball through to lurking six yards from goal. But the pass is and are let off. fends off John 76 England are cruising now. The time for exploiting their mental fragility has long since passed and now have to watch them swagger. England off. 71 A fine move by England culminates with playing a wicked curling pass across the face of goal. Sterling runs on to it and only has to tap it in from two yards ... but he lifts it over the finishing to be not untypical of an otherwise wonderful player. 70 as if managed by Pep again play themselves into trouble by trying to pick a way past pressers. 67 England threaten a canters down the left and clips a dainty cross towards at the near post. But adjust his body to apply a killer touch. off. not the the comedy the lack of quality or that sobs Tony getting beaten by three crosses by a team so ordinary. and not playing the only spark of light we That about sums it up. 64 Rose lunges at at the edge of the area. He goes through the gets the top of the ball and then catches again on the other leg. reckless by any measure and should be a penalty. The ref sees things differently. Dejection for and Brown. All too easy. curled in a perfect corner from the left. met it on the run at the near post getting the jump on and sends a powerful flicked header into the net. have lost the just a question now of how much face they lose. glances the header past Tom for the Guardian 60 know what is waiting for. need something new up front. fits the bill. 59 Walker hoists a high curling cross over from the right. collects it way beyond the far post and hooks it back across the face of goal. does well to scoop it away to safety. 57 catches doing a bad so the hauls him down. Another easy yellow card decision for the ref. 55 are still passing better than England. At least they were until one was misplaced and lunged at it and caught Rose. a yellow card to go with his pink shirt. for what I think that pink and black number is quite no party will be trumpets Harry Palmer. you want to start sounding like West Ham fans. is shown a yellow card by referee 52 Another decent move by neat passing and smart movement around the box. ends up dashing into the box to receive a pass and get off a shot. On at but too gentle to worry Hart. Finishing has been the key difference between the sides. Another expert this time from who guides it downward into the net from nine yards after an excellent burst to the byline and cross by Rose. guides the ball in to the corner of the net for second. is unable to keep out deft header. Tom for the Guardian 49 robs the ball off deep in territory. Then he skedaddles forward to launch a A fine move as provides an option on the receives the ball and hurtles down the flank. He crosses towards who lets it run to who takes one good touch and then ... drags his shots wide from 16 A great another chance shoots but his shot is saved. 47 attempts to play their way out of from the back have frequently been pitiful. pressing once makes them cough up possession the ball out of play as he tried to tickle it down the line. 46 No personnel changes during the break. checked the table but guessing be near bottom as it sighs My be on 1-1 at this stage. The half petered out quite untidily after a bright start and a relatively messy but exciting which featured a fine goal by by far the best thing England have done all game. remain well in it because they have shown their capacity to unsettle whose passing has often been atrocious. But the have yet to show any sign of sharpness up whereas England look threatening when they manage to cobble together moves and get as far as the opposing box. The men on the bench could yet have a big say in how this ends. time has to be close. issues instructions from the sidelines. Images 43 Sloppy all round. record at attacking set pieces so far fouls free headers stuffed 1. Probably best sending someone else up next Reckon why England appear to be bothering to mark 41 Save for some flashes of skill from Sterling and this has been fare. But feisty and engrossing like a family tiff. And the result is still far from certain. 39 The fans still believe. Another loud rendition of Flower of forms the soundtrack to another delivery from the left by But fouls before he can meet it so now England have a 36 Elsewhere in this are mauling and are holding at 0-0. 34 Rose races into the box in a bid to get on the end of a clipped pass. He gets past near the byline... and then falls to the ground. Everyone looks to the ref to see what he makes of it. If there was contact it was minimal and unintentional. No penalty. Rose goes down under pressure from Mike Images
A year before he died in the blind jazz genius Kirk inspired an impromptu parade in New Jersey. One minute he was playing the downtown club Sparky The next he was leading his across the street to the Key a different while still making music on one of the three saxes he was known to play in unison and in was said a author and educator who also saw Dizzy at Sparky back in the day. Five of the best young female jazz musicians Read was also kind of prescient. In is one jazz the and have been in and out town for shows. the widow of who goes by the nickname first lady of has hosted longtime greats including and at a pair of local series she organizes of them running through one of them And by the end of the a intimate club called Place connected to the renowned Institute of Jazz Studies at will have attracted the TS Monk Sextet and the and Person all the action is a celebration of the birthday 2016 marks 350th year together with the Moody jazz an annual celebration of jazz running through the end of has revived its reputation as a serious jazz town. The bassist and who is performing at Moody Fest on 18 alongside and the Brown Alumni Band at the most thriving jazz the New Jersey Performing Arts saw it coming. place in jazz history includes Woody Shaw and among others. That coupled with its vibrancy makes one of the greatest jazz cities in the said in early from where he was touring. He is especially qualified to say so. first played in as a young performer 26 years ago since has been jazz he also hosts the show Jazz Night in a with Center and the only jazz format station broadcast in New and New Jersey. On 20 he will be among the judges of what John founder of the Moody festival and president and called one of the centerpieces of a the International Jazz Competition. singing is bred in the bone. And and were kind of No 1 and No 2 in terms of the great individual voices of jazz said. was an authentic girl she went to high school here and lived a lot of her life here. And so I what can we do to honor That was five years when signed on with after decades of producing and curating festivals including Jazz and Jazz. Twitter will play the Moody jazz festival in later in New Jersey Performing Arts result is the upcoming competition in which five whittled from a pool of hundreds around the world who sent auditions to this perform before and four fellow judges Reeves among them plus a packed house. The winner is announced at the end of the night and walks away with a recording a prize and a slot to perform at the Jazz Fest next summer. Is jazz entering a new golden Read also has a right to say she won the International Jazz Competition. And then all of a sudden she has some stature with the said. Jazz stature comes in a couple of shapes around There is the kind earned through sheer like winning the vocal competition or commanding a massive audience during one of the organ jams held sporadically at Symphony a historic jazz venue not far from There is the kind Kirk has acquired through knowing everyone from Jimmy Heath to Porter and attracting them to town for her jazz series. is a jazz brunch at the other is Jazz Vespers at Baptist church. Both are is is also a kind of stature bestowed through scholarship. The night before the for Trio will play The Divine a concert at honoring that includes a film about her life and a panel discussion hosted by the longtime jazz producer also artistic director at Jazz at Club Like a lot of the smartest jazz events around being sponsored by the Institute of Jazz Studies at The jazz founded in is the most extensive jazz archive and library in the US. It includes more than 150,000 recordings and 6,000 and treasures such as Miles trumpet and Curly bass. Before Ken Burns made his Jazz in he spent a year exploring the trove of recordings. Forest visited the archives in 2011 for research on a film about And K Smith spent some time browsing there after his role as Chalky White on Boardwalk Empire got him interested and jazz. Twitter performing at Place. Ed this the Jazz Institute entered the club business with a venue done up in jazz memorabilia on the ground floor of a historical neoclassical skyscraper. Minus the whiffs of cigar smoke and whiskey pours beer and wine a throwback to the jazz communities documented in the archives. expect but I love running the said the executive director. is named for Clement A a beloved professor and devoted jazz fan who died suddenly in 2014. open to the so seeing a of folks from who are bringing real energy and bringing it to monthly jam sessions organized in cooperation with as part of the 350th birthday and bringing it to more subdued events such as a series of curated listening sessions says he is at once or twice a between shows and jams. already been listening sessions on very early and Harry got incredible experts on staff who are just extremely said we get 10 sometimes we get 30. But have a then play a cut. Then have another and play another cut. another way for us to bring the archives to the to draw upon the expertise of our staff and to engage the community. tapping into an opportunity also an because of the reputation because I know said to draw artists who might otherwise skip when playing across the river in New have the Lance Quartet coming in later this year he played with and a concert coming up with the flutist Wood. And hoping to get and in said He may not have to try too a jazz atmosphere now so where we all feel so said. think all of us here in are looking at the rise of something something people are going to be talking about a long on on via on on on on on this content
Trump has won. Science and scientists played almost no part in the campaign. scientists must consider how they fit into a Trump future. This be easy. Many scientists are scared. In the tribal world of US many now find themselves on the outside looking in. Most university scientists are and the 2017 House and Senate will all be Republican. For this nothing portends disaster more than the elevation of a opponent to national and international of the Competitive Enterprise to oversee the transformation of the Environmental Protection those academics who lean Republican of whom are since you would despise rejection of what a W Bush adviser once dismissed as the anyone interested in evidence over speculating on details like who Trump will ask to replace John as his science scientists should not just be asking what Trump will do for them. They should face up to the difficult question of what they should be doing for Trump. Some scientists will have to join the White House itself. When W. Bush was his administration had a hard time finding a scientist willing to serve as his science advisor. When Jack a highly respected administrator and physicist who was also a took the job he was excoriated by his peers and excommunicated from some scientific circles. We see hints of similar responses to election already. Earlier this week the Physical Society issued a press release congratulating Trump on his victory and encouraging him to sustained and robust funding of scientific research a top The received so many complaints that it felt compelled to retract it and issue an apology. Some have already written off science advisor. For of State University not sure science would because there be any Science get much except when it gets in the way or bolsters support for a political was called a upon taking the position under Bush. There are thousands of political including many science that will need to be expert advisory bodies constituted and and experts put into staff positions under the White House. Any scientist who agrees to hold their nose and work with the Trump administration should expect much of the same criticism received by such as government will not have much choice but to engage. That is their job. The rest of the scientific community must still ask itself some difficult questions. We suggest money all that the late stages of the presidential 69 Prize winners endorsed and pushed for more funding for research and policies that support the scientific workforce. They suggested that there were other reasons for their but focused on what the next president might do for the interests of the scientific incoming president of the Geophysical Union expressed a similar a fear that the scientific infrastructure in the is going to be on its Everything from funding to being able to attract the global leaders we need to do basic science Trump imagines that the scientific community could cause him one option would be to do what did to reactionary doctors in setting up the and their mouths with Trump could echo promising to science to its rightful by increasing funding. It would be the Art of the and it would put critical scientists in a difficult position. No one knows what Trump will do on science or much else. the history of US science funding shows that Republican presidents more eager to spend on than their Democratic Priorities have with Democrats spending more through the Environmental Protection Agency and Commerce while Republicans spend more on the National Science Foundation and National Institutes of Health. Overall spending on is not with party mainly because science funding has long been a bipartisan priority. Other than the massive injections of cash through the and smaller stimulus package more science funding has remained pretty stable as a proportion of government discretionary spending since the end of World War Two. Without much discussion of the fiscal Trump has announced grand plans for increases in US infrastructure investment. For this could mean funding for Perhaps Newt will revive his vision of a Moon base and a mission to Mars. The demoted since the end of the Cold could receive a boost. that advocate for more science funding have already sought to tie in funding with calls for greater investment. Scientists need to consider how to react to possible increases in funding as well as express fears of decreases. In doing they might position themselves as representatives of the public good rather than just another special interest group. Should pragmatism trump How should scientists engage on policy issues such as vaccination and climate where Republicans are often accused of being or at war with Despite rhetorical nods to the social conservative wing of his party during the campaign and his enthusiasm for convenient conspiracy he is clearly a pragmatist with little worry about changing his policy should therefore ask themselves whether they would support policies that did what they regard as the right but for the reasons. Policies focused on deploying electric vehicles and nuclear or wind power may be justified in purely economic rather than environmental terms. environmental regulations may provide convenient cover for the taxing of imports as the struggles to justify a new protectionism. When it comes to climate maybe the pragmatic business of policy design might finally take precedence over trying to convince a Republican Congress to see the world through a climate eyes. Two days after the election a spokesperson for tweeted the strong support of the agreement on climate change. Many environmental scientists have long seen as antithetical to their cause. Would they make peace with big oil in order to defend the Or will the battle against perceived enemies of science now take place on multiple would be easy for scientists to bring back an opposition strategy focused on defending a on Much harder will be for the science community to support a government under the control of President Trump and a Republican Congress. Choices will have to be made. Scientists should be aware that the that many followed to oppose President W Bush may not work as well under a less president. Who really benefits from science and Earlier this when a Trump presidency still seemed science policy writer drew an uncomfortable picture in a commentary. along with other has systematically ignored the concerns of people such as those who voted for Trump or for According to rather than challenging established have often bolstered while pretending to remain distant from politics. campaign tapped into a constituency that had been largely shut out from the benefits of technological progress and disproportionately suffered the consequences of expanding global trade. US and elites pretend that unfettered technology will not only grow the economy but also close the gap between rich and poor. A recent issue of Wired magazine brought into conversation with the gurus of Silicon Valley. hailed the magic bullets of telling best way for the tech industry to tackle inequality is for it to do what supposed to innovate in ways that create actual gains in growth and tells us how bad this analysis is. Technology tends to widen the gap between rich and simply because rich people are better able to take advantage of productivity gains than poor people. And yet the narrative of technology continues. Trump gave an interview to a heavily partisan news site that has become depressingly in which he with reference to artificial have always been concerned about the social breakdown of our culture caused by Now is the time to ask who really benefits from and to rethink the responsibilities of scientists in engaging with inequality. Scientists who choose not to engage with a Trump Administration risk fueling the resentment and disenchantment that brought it to power. The scientific community could respond to the populist surge by devoting more attention to understanding the consequences of technological innovation on while developing alternatives paths to ensure that its benefits are shared more equitably and negative consequences more effectively anticipated and scientists and other the surprise election of Trump to the US presidency comes with choices. Many of us were dismayed at the vote and now the election of Trump. How we inside our own communities and in relation to governments will determine whether we remain relevant or the constructive role that we should play in policy and regardless of our elections on on via on on on on on this content
Protesters across the US were on gearing up for weekend demonstrations over the election of as other activists began work on plans to disrupt the inauguration in early next protests against Trump and his divisive campaign have spread to cities all over the country following his victory on leading to dozens of arrests and a complaint from Trump in one of his first public remarks as than 10,000 people have signed up to attend a noon march on from New Union Square to Trump the future home and corporate while several other actions are planned for other us in the Stop Trump and his bigoted the organizers of the New event said in a complained in a tweet late on that incited by the were tarnishing his electoral which he said was Amid intense Trump said hours later in a second post that he appreciated the for our great shown by J. Trump had a very open and successful presidential election. Now professional incited by the are protesting. Very J. Trump the fact that the small groups of protesters last night have passion for our great country. We will all come together and be expressed determination to build momentum for major activity on 20 when Trump will officially enter the White march on the capital is being planned for the day of amid intense anger that the next US president allegedly sexually assaulted multiple women and boasted of doing so in a leaked and anarchist groups were also making plans for protests in on inauguration according to circulating raising the prospect of chaotic scenes as Trump takes the oath of activists were biding their time before mounting a response to election. one of the founders of Black Lives said their movement was and following the are bringing folks together to imagine what kinds of organizing we will need to do under a Trump said do think we can organize as we have and build something bigger and stronger than the hate Trump and his team have exhibited towards marginalized of people took to the streets from night into in and several other US as well as The protests were for the most part peaceful and though there were scattered acts of civil disobedience and damage to property. Twitter Why elected rowdiest scenes were in where about 4,000 people marched into the city late on At least 29 people were arrested after a minority of protesters threw objects at smashed shop windows and damaged a car the police department declaring the demonstration a riot. Officers used pepper spray and rubber projectiles to disperse the the department added. In dozens of people marched on to Interstate blocking traffic in both directions for at least an hour as police stood by. A smaller band of demonstrators briefly halted traffic on a busy highway before police cleared them police reported that about 600 people marched through the Inner Harbor with some blocking roadways by sitting in the street. Two people were police said. One of the largest demonstrations was in where a crowd estimated to number about 3,000 gathered on the grounds of the state capitol and marched through the city would guess there are about 2000 people marching past high school walk out in the high school students staged walkouts across the country. Authorities told the LA Times that at least 4,000 students from the LA County school system had walked out in protest by of high school students in walked out of class and took to the streets of shouting my my and trumps as they marched in the middle of traffic. Twitter and her friends protest in for the who carried a sign that said grabs a reference to a leaked recording where Trump bragged he could sexually assault women because of his fame said it was important for students to speak out since they could not lot of adults voted for Trump and they think we but we she said as she marched down a busy downtown street where student activists were temporarily halting with many honking in support. loved ones and friends could be taken out of this said she was still processing victory. still feel real. This is not the future we she where 30 people were arrested on a crowd gathered on but the protests were more subdued than the previous when a series of small fires were some windows were smashed and a few people threw rocks at police. pretty big crowd has gathered at 14th to protest the election of Trump. But they are relatively quiet so far. of protesters took to the streets of according to a local affiliate a number which later swelled to over 2,000 as the group marched according to the Lewis College student who a protest in on told local affiliate think that because Trump is it becomes even more urgent for our city to become what people want it to be. an protest but also a call for change in our city because we need to push for progress on hundreds protested in Salt Lake and in where about 100 protesters marched from the White House to newly opened hotel several blocks away. Twitter People outside the White House protest against Trump in on least 200 people rallied there after many of them chanting No Immigrants are welcome and carrying signs with such slogans as and my support someone who supports so much bigotry and hatred. said from I didn't protest during the presidential race. I will now Read protesters marched against at least one group was preparing to take to the streets in celebration. The Loyal White Knights of the said on their website they would be holding a in North next month. Men in white hoods were seen walking in the state on the morning after Trump was elections on on via on on on on on this content
very highly educated. I know words. I have the best is one of many infamous lines that make him as quotable as for polar opposite reasons. If only were still alive to encapsulate in one catty sentence a situation that has left the most loquacious among us dumbfounded. Just as Dolly famously remarked how expensive it was to look that perhaps an uncomfortable truth in it actually does take someone highly educated to pretend to be that Trump used many rhetorical linguistic devices to tap into the raw emotions of potential voters and it worked. In this every lexical rule got twisted and trumped. Here are some of the language mechanisms he Trump relied heavily on superlatives to ramp up an emotional response to his grandiose claims. Things they were He just going to make things great be He just going to win. He was going to so going to be sick and tired of the aspirational language of the dream that superlative by slowly transformed into a nightmare. divisive and rhetoric was used to full hateful effect by Trump. Either part of the crusading or part of destructive Either a or a or That and rhetoric of the campaign trail seemed to be diluted by the time he called for unity in his victory addition to personal Trump was prone to exaggeration and whole world is blowing Trump would claim when discussing one When introducing in his victory he was described him as a three times in two sentences a bold claim for a man few have heard of outside the could play something as well as up. His most infamous of was room a supposed justification for admitting to women by the without their sentences Twitter Trump is the master of the incomplete to Trump in this clip. trying to justify i ... can you believe i I have the best This interrupted form of speech is a hallmark of his seemingly delivery. It mimics natural conversation patterns. Feeling less it has been designed to appear trustworthy and rather than and by a hundred candidate language has declined in according to a common algorithm called the readability test. It crunches word choice and sentence structure then gives rankings. language reached levels. was And Right down to fourth grade. Was he really saying like a fourth grader or The answer seems to be punctuates his speeches with repetition. It hammers the point home when the crowd is rambunctious and words risk getting lost. But also a delaying giving him time to select his next choice of words. On his news wrong. They were wrong. The New always wrong. They were The repetition always at the end of the sometimes brought to the beginning for a technique called anaphora. call it extreme vetting. I call it extreme Or even repetition in a sentence like this from his victory potential. gotten to know our country so well tremendous most commonly used verbs revealed much about the tone of their included and were full of and more and and racist pejoratives and have become so infamous that already being parodied and reclaimed on people were called mattered more than ever in this election. What they called was even more refusal to even utter while roasting him spoke volumes by declining him the dignity of an identity in her speech. tactic was to keep it on first name terms. name became handy for punning purposes trumps and also an for being synonymous with a fart. tripartite Presidential moved her maiden name to her middle name. the that I am my own not just his it just enough. your elections on on via on on on on on this content
Some of the most joyously communal jazz played in over the past has involved South who took refuge in from the apartheid system in the and The vocalist who has died of cancer aged was a powerful part of that exodus. Many consider her to be one of the greatest South jazz singers of her whose distinctive identity combined the indigenous its vibrant black music scene of the and and a love of jazz vocalists especially many of whose standards formidable technique embraced methods from the percussive clicks to immensely creative jazz improvisation. She put her profound grasp of South traditional choral harmony to eloquent use with her own South Gospel an accomplished group drawing on and vocal sought after for more than 20 years after their formation in 1989. considered her roles as a freedom fighter and a musician to be inseparable in the apartheid and often performed at National Congress was born in the Eastern to a domestic and a musician. She in a 2014 interview with Jazz that she would barely have begun singing a song in her kitchen at home before the whole family joined in. In her she met an influential local who recruited her to his vocal the Four and by 1962 the group were enjoying chart also played in a powerful instrumental the Jazz Wizards. performed with them in a 1963 musical called Goes to and she was then invited to to join the cast of the musical Back In Your Own Backyard. She remained in to frequent a vibrant for performing and a cultural oasis under apartheid. Emerging South stars including the vocalist and trumpeter often met joined the cast of a dynamic black South musical that became a hit in and the US. She remained in after the West End and began performing with a group whose albums were regularly banned in South for their lyrics. In and the band participated in the Unity festival in where she sang alongside Bob and worked regularly with groups Spear and in the and then with the guitarist Lucky in the groups Township Express and the Jazz was to remark that encouraged her into vocal experiments she might never otherwise have considered. pieces also drew her into writing lyrics steeped in township life such as those for the buoyant dance tune August which touched on her own family the invited to form a singing group to feature in a documentary about Nelson then about to be released from prison. A vocal group called the Progress evolved under her direction into a fully fledged the South Gospel who performed regularly at the South Bank for the next two decades. and Lucky returned to South to play a homecoming concert in East in and she also worked with the saxophonist Moire Music group. In 2001 she appeared with at the festival in in the US saxophone star world jazz the and jointly ran the ensemble Township Express rare album credited to was released in and in 2009 with formed the exhilarating Township last gig was at The Ivy in as part of the season of concerts. She was performing in a classy band on new arrangements of songs from her album. The audience were on their feet and dancing as were and her three vocal partners for a vivacious version of original The is survived by two and 11 grandchildren and a jazz born 31 died 26 on on via on on on on on this content
Root has long accepted the expectation that comes with being top batsman after his opening day hundred against hoped a message has been sent to his that they too can thrive in this Test after England reached 311 for four at Root revealed a personal satisfaction at bringing up his first score on the subcontinent but also the belief he and who was unbeaten on will have given the squad in their stand of Root and drive England on day one of first Test against Read a nice start to this series and something to build on said whose 124 was his 11th Test century. way me and Mo played without blowing my own trumpet was something going will give us confidence and the rest of the guys as is always there as senior batters. You are expected to score runs and you have to get on with it and learn to deal with it. To bat for that long at the start of this trip really just tried to be quite positive with my get right forward and right use my feet at times and when it was available use the sweep try to make it hard for them to settle on one line and a partner at the other end also playing quite with the board ticking over all the time and a right and it was very difficult for to build any was also sanguine about his dismissal in the evening session after the officials and the third Rod were satisfied had control of a caught and bowled despite fumbling the ball when trying to throw it up in was so disgusted with the shot that giving it the approach I really see what was happening. Having seen the replay it does look out. Full speed it looks a bit strange but I was very lucky to get an call with an earlier and you have to take the rough with the smooth and just get on with helps England gain first Test foothold but can fire back Martin Read the match Root claimed a total in excess of 500 is well within reach on a pitch he thinks will rapidly that the and the were getting the ball reverse swing was also a will take a lot of pleasure in seeing it after 35 and those three guys will be looking forward to having a big score on the board to defend and give them opportunities to be we can get beyond 500 that will be a fantastic effort. It will be more about how long we can bat on this wicket. By the end of day three and into day the game will speed up drastically in my might be completely wrong but having spent some time out there and seen the cracks on the wicket and already the variable bounce shown it might go into come day three onwards. So it will be really important to make big scores tomorrow and take advantage of this really good cricket in cricket on on via on on on on on this content
an overview of where we are this Trump has won the presidency in a stunning upset that surprised pollsters and media called Trump to concede the election shortly after was called for the Republican sealing his former secretary of state did not make a concession instead she allowed advisor John to tell the crowd at her party in New Center to go home. expected to make a concession speech this his victory Trump called for praising for a campaign and saying it is time for to heal the wounds of New and have seen protests burning Trump effigies and smashing a window at the Republicans won big all round maintaining and strengthening its control of the Senate 51-47 after wins in and Congress also remains Republican controlled stocks and the US dollar dropped after news of a likely Trump win and bounced back slightly but all eyes on the market this morning. This live is now closed. Please join us over at our new campaign live where be covering the fallout from the election all Trump wins US the world reacts live Read more reacted to win by saying that it would not change the trajectory of his foreign policy and that the credibility among the international community had already reports US election results will have no impact on the policies of the the cleric said during a meeting with his according to the news agency. of wrong the position of in the international community and public opinion has diminished and growing rift with and the world will exacerbate that The foreign said that the US had to continue respecting last landmark nuclear whose fate rests much in the hands of the new president. has to implement the international obligation it accepted under the nuclear he was quoted as saying by the news agency while on an official visit to Earlier on a spokesman for atomic energy agency said that would continue abiding by the nuclear accord despite win. cited as saying that is prepared for all kind of and that the country continue implementing the acronym of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action or the final nuclear which is affiliated to the elite Revolutionary saw win as a vindication for the supreme Ayatollah who said last week that the businessman appeared to be the one saying the truth about the state of affairs in the US. Referring to said last is interesting is that the person who spoke more candidly attracted more attention from the people of Because that man spoke more candidly and more the people of paid more attention to him. The other party said that he is adopting a populist method. Why It is because the people were watching him and they saw that what he was saying was correct. They saw it in the realities of their life. Human values have been annihilated and trampled upon in that country. There is racial discrimination in that a political analyst sympathetic to the conservative camp in said presidency would be better for than that of only advantage of having Trump over in regards to is that he would have much more difficulties in bringing together the international community in order to make obstacles for he told Analysts such as think that pressure on in the past was because had managed to persuade the allies to rally behind in imposing sanctions on They think Trump lacks the credibility to do so in case the nuclear deal falls apart. Trump has updated his Twitter to reflect his new Twitter Twitter leader of the Party in the gave the following Many in and elsewhere will be understandably shocked by victory in the US presidential the rhetoric around it and what the election result means for the rest of the as well as election is an unmistakable rejection of a political establishment and an economic system that simply working for most people. It is one that has delivered escalating inequality and stagnating or falling living standards for the both in the US and is a rejection of a failed economic consensus and a governing elite that has been seen not to have listened. And the public anger that has propelled Trump to office has been reflected in political upheavals across the world. But some of answers to the big questions facing and the divisive rhetoric around are clearly wrong. I have no that the decency and common sense of the people will and we send our solidarity to a nation of innovators and this latest global wake up the need for a real alternative to a failed economic and political system could not be clearer. That alternative must be based on working social justice and economic rather than sowing fear and division. And the solutions we offer have to improve the lives of not pit one group of people against have made their choice. The urgent necessity is now for us all to work across continents to tackle our common global to secure take action on climate change and deliver economic prosperity and justice. This is the moment Van called victory a against first black Trump victory a against a black says Van video After an initial the financial markets are coming to terms with shock reports the call for to together as one united has provided some comfort to investors. They are hoping that the president after running such a divisive may be planning to soften his main stock the has recovered from an slump and is now are expected on Wall Street when trading begins in four hours time. The futures market says the will fall by around 300 or nearly a significant but not the plunge we expected when the shock results rolled in last dollar also recovered some ground after Trump pledged to create strongest economy in the and is now down against a basket of currencies. The peso has also struggled back off the after hitting a record low investors had expected to win so now scrambling to work out what victory is going to mean for the US global trade and geopolitical Brooks of City a financial is worth remembering that Trump started a now he has to turn that into a political machine capable of ruling. We know if he can be successful until he actually takes office in this is a strange politically and financially. We have suffered a massive political but the markets are wondering if President Trump is less of a threat to economy in compared to what he was during the Some more pictures of the protests against presidential victory which are developing this evening in and new in background. protest in Tribune newsroom hit by vandals. smoke in the air from cars peeling out at the anti trump protest. against Trump happening in along telegraph right now supporters have pulled up the boarding over the star. 2016 The audience at alma booed the announcement that Trump had won reports the after when showed Trump pulling away from in a few women shouted and at no one in particular as the catering staff packed up the bar and dispatched the remains of the cheese plates and buffet sandwiches. More and more women could be seen crying on one while one group of women a couple of male gave the middle finger to Tapper on the large still hoping against hope for a victory at actually optimistic about the into which be entering as a college graduate next May. if somehow makes it back from still sad to see so many people aligned with a candidate like she referencing his comments about women and people of looked around at the women crying one of whom flopped over dramatically as yet another state was said to be leaning Trump and not completely How it all How the 2016 US election night unfolded Women in mothers and hucksters selling pins and tens of thousands of members of the public came to largest glass ceiling on to await the result of a presidential election that many hoped would sweep away the highest gender barrier in US the night went on and results did not go the the mood in and around the building grew reports the from party in New was supposed to speak on a stage constructed in the shape of the United her podium positioned somewhere over a deep red state that would stay that way despite a nationwide increase in the vote that had hopes of turning it if not Democratic blue. flags lined the stage. The pledge of allegiance was the national anthem cheers rang off that glass ceiling as newscasters announced that had won the state where she was born. States came and largely as and Island for South and more for Trump. But things were predictably close in and as Trump surged back into contention tension rose at the the early hours of the not long before the race was called and campaign chairman John took the stage to ask supporters if they could hang a little while can say we can wait a little longer said. still counting votes and every vote should count. Several states are too close to so not going to have anything more to say made a teary exit. Mothers carried weary daughters out of the glass structure that in the end hosted shattered not broken just shaking her head. She repeated the question. A man turned around and raised his he said. lost and it The pair of strangers embraced. John Calls An End To Presidential Campaign can read the whole piece here. Prime Minister May has released a statement congratulating Trump on his victory in the presidential election. She I would like to congratulate Trump on being elected the next President of the United following a and the United States have an enduring and special relationship based on the values of democracy and and will strong and close partners on security and look forward to working with building on these ties to ensure the security and prosperity of our nations in the years ahead. been gathering views on the mood in the US. a group of readers tell us what they Hall from sent in her long hard fought campaign. I am very proud of our new president and vice president. The message shared has set the right tone for his presidency. time to now begin the hard work and healing of our nation. I understand there are many feeling uneasy right now. I think if they keep an open mind and open the US can come together like never before. The future is what we decide to make it at this point. from was similarly declaring it a victory for average I voted for and really he should go down as one of the worst presidents in history. is a our ability to project our strength in the world has diminished. We have become more divided as a nation under his guidance. would only have expanded on his failures. We saw scandal after scandal when Bill was in the Oval Office. She should have been prosecuted for her illegal server and lied under oath. She would have expanded immigration causing unrest like we are seeing in at this Supreme Court will have several openings and Trump will appoint nominees who will preserve our constitution and bill of rights. More than anything I am so relieved win as I trust were much less enthusiastic. from said he felt bad when W. Bush was but never felt afraid until now. and worried about what will happen to me in this now. If the courts will see challenges to every bit of equality for scared that if I attempt to legally my marriage could be invalidated or my health care taken away if we lose the few protections we have. scared to use a bathroom in any public because I never know if strangers see me as a man or a woman. scared of what could happen to all of can share your videos and perspectives on the election result by clicking on the blue button at the top and bottom of the live or by using the form here.
For the one story has trumped the US presidential Prince romance with an newspapers were anything but pleased about the advisers daring to issue a public statement accusing them of blame How very dare We were just fulfilling the right to know what the fifth in line to the throne is up to. It is a matter of public that the interest is always tempered by hypocrisy leave the guy alone but do please tell us more editors were careful to echo that humbug in their Harry attacks press over of of girlfriend Read here are the opening sentences to leading who has been in love will understand Prince urge to protect his Harry is a decent bloke whose heart is in the right place. His new girlfriend is a breath of fresh air who love to see become a regular fixture of life at people everywhere will wish Prince Harry well in and his desire to protect girlfriend is both admirable and can sense the that follow. And here they oh were the wise courtiers who should have advised the headstrong prince against issuing such an blanket condemnation of the But attack on the media for the was But comes with the job when a innocent of all charges. We have rules and stick to them. It was that nasty US media wot along with irresponsible social media Mail said it did not anyone who may have breached the strict code of practice governing the does the press to blame for his most serious allegations. The Sun abides by strict rules against intrusion and harassment and we agree be according to the it is time for and Twitter to deal with the sexist and racist by spewing Daily in welcoming news of the relationship with a beautiful and talented young on social media is nothing to do with responsible media outlets such as this Harry to get argued the Sun. attention is unavoidable. When a prince falls for a glamorous interest is bound to explode The Mail The public has a legitimate interest in the life story of a woman romantically connected to the son of our future king a woman who has herself assiduously courted publicity to promote her commercial interest. there is a worrying particularly among the young to expect all the advantages that go with their while at the same time wanting to enjoy the privacy afforded to those of the subjects who have to work for a columnist thought the prince should a thicker skin in a modern world that prays at the altar of all things the thought it preposterous for publicity hungry to claim she is a hapless live by you die by for she surmised that despite his life of he was seeking the same privacy the humblest dweller of the humblest Times took a somewhat similar is inconceivable that a relationship between a popular who is fifth in line to the and a beautiful actress is of no interest to the public and the It thought Palace had taken a by press coverage. Why had the royal household not foreseen the likely level of conceded that paparazzi had been a contributory factor to the death of Princess of the Times returned to its criticism of royal would have been wise of the palace to have warned her that she would be the subject of intense public and media Guardian reminded readers of the detail from the journalists had tried to enter her had been offered bribes and her mother had been harassed by it at their old game again deliberately confusing what is in the public interest with what is interesting to the survived the process relatively editorial confidence at the Mail and the Sun Their editors feel and the misfortune for the couple is news of their relationship has broken just as the tabloids are relishing their renewed sense of Harry deemed to be game for the kind of press that was supposed never to happen the Guardian calls on the Independent Press Standards to show it is ready to prove its on on via on on on on on this content
Who do we who picked a flawed candidate in who have acted like the White House is their Republican which lost control of its which created a false equivalence between a former secretary of state and a reality which comprehensively screwed ordinary out of their homes and their US has elected its most dangerous leader. We all have plenty to fear Read who have failed to manage the negative impacts of and the the director who intervened in a most dramatic fashion in the election for hacking and releasing the Democratic who insulted and bullied his way into millions of who let fear and hate trump all of the Democratic party should have woken up as to how flawed a candidate was once party member and socialist Sanders emerged as an existential threat to her so renowned for supposed political nous seemed to completely miss that they represented the ultimate insiders and political establishment in an era of outsiders and If the really cared about their political party and their they should have understood that was the wrong candidate for the times and stood has been a and unpopular figure in politics for decades. I was never excited by her candidacy. I never believed would vote for her until Trump became her a misogynistic a narcissistic reality star without a singular achievement to his Surely would back a former secretary of state over him even if she was Twitter How the 2016 US election night the hell did the Republican party the party of in of points of of W compassionate and the party of religious evangelicals how did this party get behind such an utterly awful human The Republican party leadership is largely to blame they created and fed their party base with promises of lower balanced budgets and smaller and then for years delivered the opposite. They relied on the outrage media Rush during the and years to fuel anger until that anger grew beyond their not forget the media. They are now clearly part of the elite well and truly. Not one major newspaper endorsed Trump. Their readers if people are still reading newspapers care about their television networks from the earliest days of the Republican primaries have amplified and uncritically every insult and assertion. They treated and record as equivalent. The media followed the personality and not the and in doing they gave birth to first celebrity electoral college numbers grew on election the share markets went into free fall. Sadly the economic impact of that downturn fall solely on Wall but it would be good if it did. The banks have never worn the consequences of their greed and the banks left the mortgage holders and middle class to suffer as they took the bailouts and the benefits of being too big too fail. Meanwhile the political leadership on both sides pushed free trade and the for years without understanding that the new economy sounds and for lots of it is scary as their jobs disappear. This is hardly a new phenomenon in the sucking sound to the that would draw manufacturing jobs to Billy and Born in the sang the psalms of this thought Billy would one day be seen as a politically prophetic the polls were wrong. Here's why Read this Trump said China and were stealing manufacturing jobs and he was going to steal them back. That pledges were without detail and beyond the power of the president was pointless he was just relentless in repeating what the political elite had were losing the chance to earn a for all the talk of a election it came close. director deserves special as do the for trying to influence the election. the margin of victory and his results in places like and shows that the entire blame for this result cannot be sheeted home to these is often said that the voters get it Can we blame them for giving into hate and we mock them for electing the biggest joke to occupy the Oval voters got their diagnosis of the problems right. But their solution Trump hard to see anything right about that. elections on on via on on on on on this content
1 Film school have all the jury is still out on whether film school is the best way to break into the industry. Producer never went to film school and had zero of the industry when he started out. Making a low budget film and finding a mentor can help you pick up the formal processes and technical skills that you might learn in film school. prepared to face some hard work and a steep learning says. Tips on breaking into film live chat Read Rob also knew nothing about the technical aspects of film when he started his career. He says film school is for pursuing technical like editing. But for more general such as is probably less Rather than spending money on film move to says former agent and film career mentor He recommends students pursue academic courses at university if while moonlighting in the creative arts to build a network. Although film school is not for it does have certain such as introducing you to contacts and offering forums to showcase your says head of at the National Film and Television School He recommends initiatives such as the Film Institute a training scheme for production production manager and agrees that film school helped his career off the ground. can assure you worth the he says. 2 Consider different types of jobs in the industry research find out about the different job roles out roles such as director and producer are the big prospective film workers should understand the wide variety of roles in the says careers manager at Creative research find out about the different job roles out she less obvious roles in film such as in the art locations is a good route into the agrees agent and career mentor. This is how she built her career in film. love but found my niche in writing proposals for rather than That brought me a regular the opportunity to dip into lots of interesting and also sit at the table with commissioning editors in pitch which was an amazing She adds that there is a shortage of production accountants and location managers. Learning to drive should also be a priority for aspiring as roles often involve across the country. 3 Build a portfolio of tips on starting a career in film and Read easiest way to get into the industry is to make something. says start. Shoot anything at even on your phone. Even the edit software is included in your Then enter your film into every film festival you can he adds. a huge fan of as an attention has a nifty tip for aspiring looking to produce work on a tight shoot something at an time of year like when the equipment houses have spare cameras sitting around. But it is worth remembering that content will always trump production says 4 Make connections and networking like those hosted by such as Shooting People and Creative is a good way to make industry connections. But this can also be done suggests trawling through the film and listings site to find contact details of producers and directors. your services as an assistant or a cheap pair of hands. You will get a he into the take one Read in touch with people your own age who have the same ambitions as says PR and learning campaigns manager at the Academy of Film and Television Arts could be your future collaborators. We often find that craftspeople have collaborated with those at the same experience level as themselves to get their first she says. Sites such as and Twitter are also useful networking tools for the film industry. When connecting with it is important to showcase what value you can add to a project. ask for a ask for recommends Finding a mentor who is but not necessarily a big name in the is says not so distanced from the kind of work that doing that unable to advise you properly. But because they have been around the block have learned things through trial and and can hopefully help stop you from treading into the same rabbit friends with third assistant directors is also a good he because they are the ones who hire runners. Once you have credits for short films under your the next step is to get junior positions on big productions. Offer your services as an assistant or cheap pair of hands. You will get a Should I get an an agent hurt but speaking as a former you really need says When you immerse yourself in creative agents will appear if from he decision to work with an agent boils down to personal choice and your People who are good and have a vision of where they are heading do not necessarily need an says But creative people who do not have the skills or interest to themselves should probably get one. But before going down the agent route focus on getting a few projects under your for a Browse Guardian Jobs or sign up to Guardian Careers for the latest job vacancies and career on on via on on on on on this content
A report based on an interview with the statistician carried the New test to mean more page In fact Professor said that the impact of a new prenatal test for syndrome due to be introduced on the cannot be predicted with any An article by one describing how people often mistook him for others of the same name referred to jazz trumpeter That reference mistook a trumpet for a saxophone perks of being the other 7 page We had another in a picture caption identifying the group Little Mix. The names of Jade and were the wrong way round PM should dress like 7 page and clarifications
Yet another cruel move that widens the gap between richest and poorest calls benefit cap a as poorest lose a year 7 Claiming this will better enable those on benefits to find work adds insult to and implies that the main barrier to employment is personal laziness rather than the lack of adequately remunerated employment. Research finds that benefit cuts and sanctions actually make it harder to find work by adding stress and hassle to those already desperately trying to make ends meet. It will save a piffling a yet will prove counterproductive as higher costs are put on to local authorities dealing with consequent will add to costs in greater sickness and will damage educational prospects for the children affected. Can the government not join the dots when carrying out these Or is personal misery and economic cost unimportant in its ideological Even people who are in work on low pay can claim benefits. According to the government benefits if I were a single person with two children living in my borough of and earning the a year that is the benefit I could claim over in child tax credit and almost a year in housing benefit. Admittedly I would be paying about a year on tax and national and a year on council but I would still find it hard to make ends meet. I would be considerably better off than a similar in similar under this inhumane benefit cap. Of course I could always look for work but unfortunately there are not many jobs going in that pay a year. As for the possibility of a flat at a according to they Regarding article on the report by and on work and austerity 7 we have just completed our own research on Devolution and Disadvantage in the City which can be viewed as a case study of a severely area of the north comprising South and former coal and steel study findings are similar to and though we focus in more detail on two areas and these need to be fed into this very important debate on the nature and consequences of in the nature of market disadvantage is complex and relates to a variety of groups such as young people and as well as those on sickness and disability second area we explore is devolution policies and here we argue that the devolution deals and agreements are closely linked to austerity policies and the various cuts of these being While the devolution deal for the city region financially involves over 30 years of course to an elected mayor and other we have found that cuts to welfare and local authority budgets between 2010 and 2014 amounted to As outlined in the article and the welfare cuts in no way actually contribute to raising employment rates. In austerity is contributing to increased personal and family impoverishment and debt. It is also seriously undermining the growth model trumpeted as the This is because of the distortions to the market through increasing which welfare actually means that the actual impact of policies is that a more limited cohort of can access skills and which is deemed as essential to devolution growth strategies. we would certainly welcome widening this important Professor Martin The cuts to social security entitlements that describes are the victims of this new benefit 8 bring shame on us all for having let our once cherished system of welfare fall into such a sad state while many of us are receiving benefits we want or need and here thinking specifically of heating allowances for fit baby and free even those of us who are advocates of a strong and universal in which all citizens have a stake if only by having a bus find difficulty explaining the iniquities of the welfare cap to people living in low wage areas with lower housing where per year constitutes riches beyond is very sad that the task of reforming and support for the poorest should be taking place under a at a time of rather than when the public finances were more buoyant in the on on via on on on on on this content
gaze was fixed upon her cellphone as she emerged from her motorcade at the County airport. you see the big she turning the camera towards the 737 she was about to board for the final day of her was speaking with her through love the Democratic candidate said as she signed was a peaceful start to an otherwise frenetic day. was set to blitz four cities in three battleground states to deliver her closing argument to with a final rally at midnight in North following 8 will determine whether breaks hardest glass becoming the first female president in is leading the polls the day before Not a clear or Read arrived at the airport 40 miles north of New City just as 55 members of the press had gathered at the wing of the plane for a group photo a bipartisan tradition among candidates at the close of a grueling campaign. Some had trailed the former secretary of state nearly every day for two key is to do as as the pack of journalists struggled to follow the instructions of a campaign Democratic nominee appeared relaxed on a day of many her last visits to a trio of states and North as a presidential her last voyage in the campaign plane that since 5 has crisscrossed the and her last opportunity to deliver a closing argument to the their chance to quiz the also perhaps one last the press corps swiftly surrounded her the moment the photos were snapped. Did feel the public was finally ready to accept one reporter think I have some work to do to bring the country referring to the aftermath of a bitterly fought but leaving the role her gender has played in the perception of her over the last 25 really do want to be the president for she who vote for people who vote against these divides that have been not only exposed but exacerbated by the campaign on the other are ones that we really do have to bring this country comments echoed the message she has taken to the stump in the final stretch as voters go to the polls. Surveying the crowds of thousands who have packed into outdoor parks and concert often queuing up hours in has sought to ease the concerns of a disenchanted will have some work to do to bring about healing and reconciliation after this she told voters in New on evening. Twitter for someone who and Jay Z back as woman for sentiment is in some ways a testament to a confidence on part despite the narrowing of the victory is in sight. But cautious optimism is a better reflection of the mood projected by both the candidate and her still holds the key to path to victory. Early voting returns favor the former secretary of with Democrats Republicans in the swing states whose electoral votes must secure to reach the 270 that will propel her to the so she has lately dispensed with her usual stump choosing instead to lean heavily on the logistics of how the thousands of voters standing before her can translate their enthusiasm into action. There is a number they can text or a website they can that will provide them with the information they need to register to vote or find the nearest polling just going to work until the last vote is told reporters prior to departure on campaign has been bolstered by its ground game the product of her early and consistent investment in a vast infrastructure that in alone spans 81 field offices. This volunteers in the battleground states made nearly the campaign comprising and phone memo distributed by campaign on emphasized a strong turnout among and both core constituencies of the Democratic party. In more than one million voted roughly double the number who did so in the report said. And in North where Democrats were apprehensive about enthusiasm among black a spike in recent days meant nearly the same number of had cast their ballots early as did so four years remains is the impact of director decision to reopen the issue of her private email server a week and a half ago and then just as suddenly attempt to resolve the matter on with a statement once again clearing her of criminal said the campaign was that the matter is but herself has not mentioned the latest developments. Her campaign manager lamented over the weekend that the renewed controversy had distracted from but downplayed its impact on the palpable anxiety was nonetheless evident on the faces of many who had braved the crisp fall weather to get a glimpse of as she concluded her journey. Clutching campaign signs bearing one of trumps they jeered at the mention of her name. The Democratic candidate has rewarded them with a bevy of celebrity from and Jay Z to and and will perform at her rally in on on took the stage with a figure who has become for a very different reason. Khan became an overnight celebrity when he delivered a stirring speech at the Democratic national convention in holding up a copy of his pocket constitution and memorably telling have sacrificed nothing and no Trump went on to attack him and his wife in racially inflected terms. supposed to vote for because she is a woman. I won't Read on Khan shared an anecdote befitting the theme of healing. Khan was recently approached by a he whose son was bullied in school and told he would be out of She showed him convention which the boy proceeded to watch every day after facing yet more taunts from his classmates. With permission from the the teacher decided to play speech for the entire class. few days the mother asked you been And he Not after that Khan the thanked Khan for telling the story. really struck a chord with she said. are words that I would hope that all and particularly young would hear and elections on on via on on on on on this content
The first Police and Crime Plan for had a as might have been expected from the mayoralty of The which the mayors must produce through their office for policing and crime set a list of six targets for the period all of which which featured the figure It promised a reduction in what it defined as snappily dubbed the 7 by reduced by young people leaving custody by lessened in the criminal justice by and a increase in compliance with community sentences. The same percentage goal was set for increase in in the Met. And all this was to be done while reducing costs by as the police service took its austerity hit. What was Depends on how you look at it. The most recent Police and Crime Plan annual covering the year to says that the Met had already hit its youth was with the 7 and cutting getting mixed results on court and improving but not fast enough on community sentence compliance and confidence levels. Quite apart from what you make of those such raises questions of such as about the means by which progress is measured and the choice of targets in the first place. also claimed an fall in all crime since taking office in 2008 and trumpeted getting the number of warranted Met officers up to but the significance of these figures too have been challenged. For Assembly Conservatives have highlighted the of many while the Greens have argued that officers recruited for that nebulous concept have ended up doing work because the numbers of civilian staff trained to do it had been cut. When plan was being a trio of high powered criminologists were highly about the confidence target both the percentage most the way in which public confidence was to be defined and quantified. The assumption seemed to be that having more on the would push the confidence numbers up and that would be when what really mattered was the confidence that comes from good quality interactions with the service and its officers a confidence that they will be there to help you when you need them and make efficient use use of any help that you provide them with. One of the criminologists with some that the very setting and pursuit of especially if they appear unrealistic or can have perverse cynicism among the management of crime figures so that the targets can appear to have been met. We might hope that a former civil rights lawyer with wide experience of spotting where policing and police culture can go will be alive to all these issues and that his policing deputy Linden will be too. They aim to publish a new Police and Crime Plan towards the end of the financial year in other and to have a draft of it ready for public consultation before views are now being solicited by way of an which asks for our views among other crime against keeping young people safe and tackling violence against women and hate crime and extremism. Some to the new priorities for the Met and whoever becomes its next commissioner. You can take the survey here. Hill on on on via on on on on on this content
In came under fire for suggesting that half of supporters belonged in basket of consisting of you name Labeling people in such a disparaging manner is not a constructive approach. research has shown true that Trump brings out the worst characteristics in Only about half of Trump supporters think global warming is and twice as many Republicans are unsure about the evidence as they were a year ago. Hostility towards women and racial resentment correlate with Trump support almost as strongly as party affiliation. and denial of science and facts are the defining characteristics of did we get Journalists have struggled to treat Trump as something other than a standard presidential candidate. Because he constantly spawns new scandals and is lacking in the policy to normalize Trump and network evening news programs have devoted three times more coverage to emails than all policies as accurately satirized by Night Twitter Night Live opening 05 nightly news programs have devoted zero time to discussing the climate plans. Media false balance has struck important to realize that Trump does have a few policy positions. For he wants to burn coal indefinitely because he denies the climate change consequences. Trump also wants to eliminate government spending on clean energy and climate cut taxes predominantly for the most build a costly and pointless border engage in expensive mass and deregulate the financial industry. extensive policy plans are effectively the opposite of are puzzled that a candidate with such generally unpopular policy plans and who has been endorsed by the could be supported by over of and have a chance at winning the presidency of the United States. Unfortunately we seem to have entered a era in which facts simply matter. The two political parties have become so different that swing voters have virtually gone extinct and most conservatives would vote for Mister were he the Republican Party nominee. Political ideology trumps and reality. And support comes heavily from a single white mostly older and without a college wants to regress to the white Trump campaign slogan Great suggests that he wants to return the country to some bygone era. Based on the words and his feelings about and that era resembles the the only about of women participated in the work and were still fighting for equality in the Civil Rights Movement. The tobacco industry created the followed by the fossil fuel industry spread misinformation and sow doubt to keep the public consuming its deadly products. Nearly half of smoked cigarettes in the compared to under The tobacco industry already knew that smoking caused but used the denial to keep characteristics fit the era that Trump and his supporters appear to yearn for an era in which white men dominated society. white male who comprise the core of base are also the predominant climate group in the country. Social scientists theorize this is due to the historical societal advantages. They have benefited from the societal status and hence are least concerned with especially when addressing those risks would mean changing the status quo from which they it or the status quo is male are in the process of losing those historical societal advantages. As minority populations losing their grip on the majority. The first racial minority president was elected and Women are approaching even footing with men in the labor force. Even social norms are for example with gay marriage becoming of course the climate itself is changing rapidly due to global which is causing all sorts of negative consequences. Climate scientists are pleading with voters not to make a choice our children will Trump would be the only world leader to deny global warming and the tremendous risks it poses. His threats to undo the progress made to tackle climate change have elicited widespread condemnation from the international most recently from the government. When asked how his country would work with a Trump administration on climate climate negotiator vote to reverse half a century of goal is to make again by reversing the progress made over the past half century and returning the country to a society dominated by white progress toward racial and gender equality could hypothetically be reversed in a Trump climate change be. Only by continuing the progress made toward cutting carbon pollution can we slow global warming. Problems are not solved by denying their has many great many argue the country is great. But like every there are also dark periods in its for in the treatment of minorities and women as citizens. Trump aims to return to those deplorable and to put the world on a path toward a catastrophic future by undoing the progress made in tackling climate world is counting on not to make a catastrophically wrong choice in change Consensus the on on via on on on on on this content
The decision to bar two elected lawmakers from taking up their seats marks the beginning of the end of Hong once is the last refuge of the And today China has said that in Hong patriotism is so vital that it trumps freedom of freedom of expression and freedom of which are all now completely preventing the two politicians from taking the government has opened the door to disqualify anyone from Hong government if they are determined to not be loyal to sets a very dangerous precedent because China has now started to form a habit of ruling Hong by decree. Rule of law has become nonexistent in Hong and there is no telling how going to affect the confidence of foreign investors. We have to plug the but nothing Hong people can do and that explains all the resentment and frustration you now see in the the two activists who are targets of China's wrath Read according to the Basic Hong the power of interpretation is vested in but that sort of power should not be used lightly. Every policeman has the power to stop you in the street and haul you off to the station if acting but no one expects every policemen to do that lightly. is abusing its loyalists in Hong legislature will need to protect the integrity of the not allowed to say things like is not They worry these sentiments will spread to places like and western provinces with large populations of ethnic minorities and a history of chafing under yoke. The government never promised two to or but that promise was made to Hong that and the Joint which sought to safeguard freedoms in the former is now completely shattered and has become irrelevant. mandarins now behave exactly like the Big Brother in 1984. Whatever and whenever they find something politically they will just change it and make it bend to their will. The saga is merely an excuse to make sure Hong will be reined in. officials needed an issue and pounced at the first because in eyes Hong has become uncontrollable and especially after the umbrella is a very frightening trend that shows will interpret Hong laws any time it wants. Anytime they feel parts of the Basic Law are not up to their current standards of political they will change it and tell Hong courts to move is not only a blow to our but also local courts as well. What are our judges for if steps in whenever it talks about tomorrow it talks about and the day after it can talk about I have met some young people who have foreign passports who want to stay and fight for Hong they have a safety net and can leave whenever they want. very worried about the young who afford to leave and have no choice but to fight on against extremely difficult odds. But we still need to because if we we will definitely never get what we on on via on on on on on this content
Could the ruling lead to no itself because this is a ruling about how is achieved the process not the desirability or otherwise of it. The decision to leave has been taken and would require another referendum to reverse. What the judges decided was how the process of leaving had to be carried out. They determined that parliament should be the body that decides on matters to do with in this case the triggering of article which sets the on a path to exit and will mean laws no longer apply here. The government had argued this could be done by royal effectively parliament. The judges is no that the judgment gives the Remain which has a majority in the Commons and new opportunities to try to ensure is not too that we remain tied into as many of the projects the single police and research as while leaving full membership of the club. Longer some believe there is a chance that the public will turn against if and when people see that the rosy future they were promised outside the is not quite so easy to achieve after all. If the judgment means the dangers of leaving come more into the public it is possible it could mark a turning does the ruling mean the government now has to May made clear last week that she will appeal against the decision in the supreme court. The case will be heard next and a ruling made quite swiftly. as most people that appeal ministers will have to prepare legislation so that parliament can play the role the judges said it in setting in motion article nightmare for the prime is that she will no longer be able to hide behind her stalling means and give a running that have covered the fact that ministers are unclear how to proceed as they never expected the public to vote to May does not reveal quickly what kind of she wants market membership or will use the parliamentary process which the courts have insisted on to force decisions and clarity on her. They can seek to amend the bill which will have to be presented to to shape as they want to see it. A majority of across all parties could then force her hand. If the Commons does not amend the the House of Lords certainly will seek to do have to try to find a position on that will win the backing of and peers. How they do no one it be a free will be the subject of great debate in both the and parties. Cabinet ministers were allowed to campaign as they wished before the referendum vote so it is difficult to see how Conservative can be forced to vote against their wishes at this particularly if amendments are submitted on issues such as single market membership. The manifesto committed the party to safeguard the position in the single whether we left or stayed in the So to force to vote to leave it would not be popular with many. The danger of imposing a whip on is that many will rebel. Informal alliances will be more important than the strictures of the the ruling mean an early makes it more likely because the ruling has undermined the government lost in the and highlighted lack of a personal mandate and weakness in parliament. Her tiny Commons shrunk further by the resignation of the MP leaves her in a perilous position in any contentious she has insisted she does not intend to go to the country before doing so would be seen as a sign of her being buffeted around by events. An election while likely to deliver a larger majority would be no easy however. It would highlight profound splits in the Conservative party in parliament and between its and supporters in the would be put on hold for three months of national debate and squabbling and the economy could be harmed by more uncertainty. would have to back an early election which most of its would dread. It would be an election that nobody wanted. Rather than healing the divide over it could well deepen the row do lasting constitutional damage and further erode faith in the institutions that run the The irony behind the arguments over the ruling is that Leave campaigners insist that above all else they want to back from institutions and vest it again in ones. But now that the own courts have made a ruling that complicates the passage towards a hard and argues for the very thing that Leave campaigners wanted most to be given back they complain that the assessment is a betrayal of the people. The danger now is that it will not just be faith in politicians that is but faith in the legal system as unwritten constitution operates a delicate set of checks and determined through involving the the executive and the judiciary. The call by the Bar Council for justice secretary Truss to condemn attacks on the judges was the opening salvo in what could become a toxic and hugely war between key components of the system. The debate has asked fundamental questions about where power lies in the It was simpler when parliamentary democracy operated on well trodden paths. But on 23 the people spoke and the system is uncertain as to how to deliver their that it could stir the part of the population into a mass revolt against the the them of the on and pointed out that Sir was began as a question about the power has become a potentially very dangerous one about the power of the people and how far it can trump that of parliament and the on on via on on on on on this content
For the low point of season was defined by something unacceptable. The style suffered a jarring breakdown in the 1-0 Champions League defeat against at on night but it was the reason why that so infuriated the captain. According to the players had lost their focus. The mentality was cannot pretend to be a you cannot pretend to be a big club in if you are not ready to his measured tones somehow amplifying the force of the sentiment. feeling was that the team was not ready to compete against under we lost a bit of our we create a lot and we made a lot of mistakes. We have a proper style to play football and I the stirring 2-0 Premier League home win over City on 2 which was built on smartly applied pressure and felt like a long way away and it is no great stretch to portray as being in turmoil as they head into the north derby at Arsenal on one it sounds as team boast the only unbeaten record in the division. They have the meanest by a margin. on the other the sequence now stands at six matches without a win in all competitions their hopes of qualification to the knockout phase of the Champions League hang by a have scored only three goals in those six games of them and it is this misfiring that shadows them into the chipping away at the collective belief. said last that the issue was not related to technique or it was psychological. The manager has been grilled on the subject so have the players and when this type of narrative takes the circle can become v match preview Read was asked whether the confidence in front of goal had been low. maybe it the forward says. have had great chances in every game and also a bit unlucky. But we have to accept that it is three goals in six games. try to change the face against a collective problem and we are all involved in that. not only the offensive the whole and we need to find a solution. If going to be all of matches this season have been affairs and has called for greater ruthlessness almost as a matter of course. The contrast to who are in form and is vivid and it is a source of worry for has been made of Harry absence since the middle of with an ankle ligament even if nobody was talking about it after the City when Son had played like a at brings more than precision in the penalty his movement drags opposing out of opening up spaces for his and his play is have the options that provides have come to be missed more and more. He will return against Arsenal in the starting XI and that will provide an emotional as he has scored in the previous three league derbies. His heroics in the 2-1 victory over Arsenal in 2015 have entered folklore. Then one man can only do so Harry is going to give us a little which is the thing that we need at the says. have some important players in our like in every and when they miss some sometimes it can affect the performance. But we cannot hide ourselves behind those Harry ready for comeback against Arsenal Read got themselves into a against with one error leading to another and it was shocking to see how they failed to make in an attacking sense. They created little of note in open play. has trumpeted his 4-1-4-1 formation as his plan B because he is mindful that his critics say he does not have one but when he switched to it against from it did not make the the City had a clear plan against a team that like to get on the front foot and play. The hope is that Spurs can profit similarly against who are also proactive rather than reactive especially at home. Where have struggled is against opponents who themselves tightly behind the ball and want to sting on the when the onus has been on players to find the decisive talks about how the problem might not lie entirely in the attacking third. because we are not building in a very good way from the back and the ball arrives in the last third in different he with possible reference to how the distribution skills of the injured have been missed. a very complex job for us to why. But true that we are finding a problem and now more difficult to try to fix Champions League has brought additional demands and it was interesting to hear Son difficult every three we have a But a big part of the analysis has been to address how so many of the key players have hit a has been unable to find the rhythms of last season because of suspension and went missing against and his influence has Son is suddenly struggling and has admitted that he has to being more there is the case of The lack of a burst of pace has been an issue and his movement compares to that of The way the summer signing from regularly chooses the safe option reflects a lack of has enjoyed decent enough results against Arsenal one win and three draws in the though he lost to them in last Capital One Cup and he might reflect that the run his team is complete with the heavy is merely a part of the Premier League has been the theme of the past few days. hope we are going to bounce back at make a great says. you you lose. But you cannot leave the pitch with that feeling that we had after on on via on on on on on this content
The US is the closest ever been to breaking the male stronghold on the presidency. Though women have made some political gains during that there has only been one woman so far with a real chance of smashing that glass yet some especially young have greeted historic candidacy with muted want there to be a woman of said Maria a graduate student at State University and reluctant supporter. just see why it had to be Across the country over the last 18 several women have expressed similar a wish that the potential first female leader was someone less flawed and less polarizing. Because women have higher and harder barriers to the women that win need to exceed Lee Family say there is no predictable route to the presidency for a female not least because the trail is still being blazed. But there is a case to be made that the first woman to get this close to the presidency would probably look a lot like a nationally recognizable figure with an extensive and close proximity to a the first into battle needs to wear the most said executive director of the Lee Family which studies women running for executive women have higher and harder barriers to clear the path to executive the women that win need to exceed expectations so by comparison they tend to be more qualified than their 2011 study identified what the researchers called the a reference to the first player in Major League Baseball. broke color barrier in 1947 and by no according to the he remains one of the best players of all study found that female lawmakers outperform their male introducing more legislation and delivering more financial projects to their home districts. the researchers is the result of underlying gender which narrows the prospective pool of female candidates down to only the most talented and politically ambitious. Women who ran before cannot but I can be voted Read of the reasons taking so long to elect a woman president is because very few women have actually run for said the director of the Women Politics Institute at University. The first may have been in nearly 50 years before women won the and 136 years before first competitive campaign in gender gap leaves a very narrow pipeline to the Lawless said. The most common route to the US presidency is through the Senate or a which greatly narrows the pool of prospective female since there are currently only 20 women serving in the US 84 congresswomen and six female a former Democratic congresswoman from who briefly ran for the Democratic nomination in has spent a lot of time over the last 18 months thinking about what has changed for women since she first entered Congress in is a lot harder to pinpoint than it was but clearly still she first arrived in Congress she faced questions from her male colleagues about how she managed to raise two small children while being a lawmaker. On one occasion she snapped have a brain and a uterus and I use She was also advised never to wear green. It apparently was not a power color. Twitter at a rally in shows that women who run for elective office win at comparable rates to men. Party trumps gender at the ballot box. That is to male and female voters overwhelmingly support their regardless of an analysis of 2010 House female candidates received as many votes as male candidates of the same seat status open according to a study by published in her 2014 When Does Gender Women Candidates and Gender Stereotypes in Elections. And yet women seeking to run for office still encounter barriers their male counterparts do not. Studies show they are less likely to express interest in a political career and more likely to doubt their ability to run. Women are less likely to put themselves forward and need to be recruited to run for research Guardian view on the US is the best hope Editorial Read the mayor of said she did not start her career expecting to run for public office. After encouragement from her husband and community leaders she decided to try for a seat on the city council in felt qualified but not if that makes said of her decision to run. took some time for me to get used to the idea because I think of myself as a politician but then I came to understand that elected office was an extension of my commitment to working with people in order to create a better is one of only 19 big city according to a 2016 report by the Institute for State and Local Governance of the 100 largest US cities. Of the top only has a female and political groups involved in recruiting women to elective office say that having a female president whoever she is will open doors for women at every level of regardless of party. In some even the prospect of a presidency has already is not a coincidence that we have a number of Democratic women running in competitive Senate races in the same year we have at the top of the according to the senior director for state and local campaigns at which has been helping elect women since 1985. was a powerful recruitment Twitter women stand divided over Trump and on eve of elections on on via on on on on on this content
It may be seven weeks until but with John Lewis due to launch its latest next the unofficial start of the annual festive battle for the hearts and minds wallets of the public is about to commence in ads the best the Read led by the big name retailers and supermarkets will spend a record this year in a frenzied attempt to outdo each other. But does the lavish and translate into higher festive Lewis is expected to launch a ad campaign on 10 with sources tipping Randy song One Day Fly Away as the retailer makes of annual sales and of its profits over the quarter and capturing the hearts is absolutely to engage the nation would have a significant social and cultural impact on the John Lewis says its ad agencies in a detailed analysis of its ads. make just over for every pound we spend so the ad campaigns are hugely says customer director and marketing chief at John Lewis. returns are long term as we see the continuing impact. The we spend is dwarfed by our competitors. We punch well above our Lewis says its ad campaigns over the past four which have included two a bear and a the and an elderly man on the have an average lift in festive sales. The number of festive shoppers in John Lewis stores has climbed more than from 926,000 to between 2013 and ads may grab the most headlines but it is not the only major player to have used advertising to turn into a commercial its big budget and controversial ad highlighting the spirit of the Day truce in the first world war to last revival of calamitous cat which spawned a is the only retailer to have come close to John Lewis in recent which will launch on 14 will showcase another creative following with the Legion and Twitter Calamity featuring which trumped John the Penguin as the ad on in helped the supermarket beat analyst expectations for sales over the although they still fell by joint chief strategy officer at ad agency says research has shown that the supermarket managed a profit of for every spent on its ad campaign in 2014. The figure was even stronger last year. of just and big prices and headlines actually generates much lower return on investment than a beautiful 3.5 minute film with a cat in says. largely because it has a broader brand effect. Product advertising alone is short term and help the perception of the spent almost on advertising over last part of its battle to see off discount supermarkets such as and and spent each on marketing last with only and higher among the supermarket brands in 2015. used its festive advertising to push the public to reappraise it as a quality brand. World hit the jackpot with a major shift away from its usual product promotion strategy and hiring actor Pushing its brand not its products for the first time boosted festive sales by above analyst success stories include House Of which has once again gone for the strategy punchy soundtrack and dancing. Last Your which used has been followed up with the newly launched is Coming to Get featuring Ready or famously covered by the sung by Laura of hope its will work again this year over 2015 rose and the store notched up its biggest ever shopping tough out the vote revealed a nation not in a good says chief executive of House of ad agency 18 Feet Rising. have taken advantage of people being a little angrier out there. John Lewis has done a of Love Actually and Four Weddings and A to ads. not relevant to Twitter West stars in the advert. for every cracker there are a few turkeys. Last big budget effort by once a who spends well over a was little more than a glitzy product ad using the Uptown Funk by Mark and Mars. Its sales fell too which last year dumped its traditional celebrity with Ant in of a approach featuring its own flurry of campaigns with totally divergent strategies have already hit the from early runner featuring Sienna Miller and and campaign celebrating all things to ice skating at want to be engaged in says who despite John recent success takes nothing for granted this year. everyone can do a John Lewis ad. We have to keep the thread and also keep it fresh. No one here is resting on their laurels. We believe the on on via on on on on on this content
The who will be the next US lose the election because of the email Pollsters and observers think but as election day looms the Democratic nominee is losing support just as Trump is experiencing a resurgence. Earlier this week we rounded up everything you need to know before voting need to talk about the article 50 high court has only parliament can trigger article 50 and departure from the But can that fate be avoided Our panel responds. Put out the your insistence that be the ultimate arbiter of our national affairs has been given the judicial seal of approval. Let all those who spent the spring trumpeting the glory of hailing it as the mother of now celebrate their victory. of they human experiences recalled and problems asked pretty sexual on dying and dealt with the deaths of those close to me quite badly. why an I donate 10 of breast milk a big reads Twitter Guardian shocking murder of most flamboyant politician The brazen killing of the nation. But when police began to they uncovered an even darker story of corruption and how is changing the way we eat One in five has shared a food picture in the past according to a supermarket survey. No wonder the dishes we cook are getting brighter and more photogenic. But does always taste as on Out of Time at the voice of a generation is not a pretty place to Their seventh album made them superstars. But the fame cost REM a band member their friendships. In a rare interview five years after they discuss Trump and why still sorry for Shiny Happy photo heroic response to of conflict between and the army have forced 2.1 million people in to flee their homes. Many have found shelter elsewhere in the with people sharing their land and compassion. Photographer Bode to the village of to meet hosts and their guests and hear their incredible stories of altruism and survival. Twitter Bode for Save the the night recipes mac and date cinder toffee and amaretto hot chocolate comforting treats will keep you going until the fireworks finish. Twitter for the on on via on on on on on this content
For as long as has been writing and broadcasting on black history two he has received infuriated letters from the public. there are tweets which employ the same fulminating number of people who sick of hearing about or people are always talking about My response to them is a plantation. Name a slave trader. Name a slave Normally they because we know that much about slavery. not a central part of our national new is not about slavery as but it is a radical reappraisal of the parameters of exposing lacunae in the version of its past. Domestic history cannot be separated from the vast former empire he which was inextricably bound to the economics of global slavery. Joining up history at home and abroad makes it harder to gloss over part in the slave also becomes harder to ignore the legion of black who have lived on the Isle since Roman rarely acknowledged in mainstream but whose presence proves that there was never a or a lost idyll of ethnic purity to which modern day can hark back. history is a series of missing chapters from he says. trying to put those bits back who started out at the in 1998 as a researcher on Radio is surely a in the making. He arrives in the hotel lobby for this interview fresh from on his way to in a sharp suit and with luggage in tow. He has an easy eloquence that is made for speaking in perfectly modulated sentences. His second won a Political Book award for War One Book of the in no mean feat for a book published in the centenary year looked at colonial rule in his earned a this year. Having just finished book he has put the next one the global history of on hold in order to alongside and Beard. It is a remake of landmark documentary series on the history of western art and due on our screens next has not been much sleep in the past four the time it took to write in between filming the series. It was first conceived two years when former controller approached He could not have known then how the national climate would change. the series and book being delivered in the same country that it was commissioned he wonders. not entirely he a fortuitously timed vote book. In lists the flash points in modern black from the unrest in 1919 when thousands in the ports targeted local to the Cable Street riots attacking black sailors in to the Hill riots of and beyond. On each white communities turned on their black minority counterparts. Are we heading towards another of this think we have the strength and the resourcefulness to confront parts of our history that are difficult and but also a dark side to history and there was a flash of it this summer. We know how deep or how serious it is Twitter meeting school children in during filming for. change in and chill in the air towards people of has certainly been felt by him. received tweets that I suspect people have sent in 2015. Is that a changed country or is that people who are unpleasant feeling emboldened to We know at the moment. As a I always think you know what a moment was 20 years was born in to a white mother and a father who met in as students. His parents separated when he was two years old and his mother returned with him and his three siblings to her hometown in the to work as a linguist. A family was a rarity in in the early and felt under attack every at on the used to shout at us. And It was ubiquitous. There were men who would spit and shout. When we came out of go to the bus stop and if there a white person walk to the next one because we knew the buses stop for black people. Sometimes end up walking all the way one when he was the violence went off the scale. A brick was thrown into the home wrapped in a note telling them to go back to A police officer had to be stationed outside their door for until the family was eventually rehoused. was the summer from he says. I think we did that thing you do when been through something together as a family we stopped talking about because it was got through this he opened up that conversation again and found some catharsis. It is heartening for him that his youngest born much can barely believe what it was like to be black and then. my lowest I wanted to leave the country. But it is no longer 1984. There has been too much integration. I was on a beach a few years in the south of and I saw this guy who had bulldog England flag tattoos the sort of person be really frightened of as a child and he was with this child who was clearly his granddaughter. It was such an amazing summer scar because his was a close family and his mother pushed them hard to succeed at and at life. They moved to another council estate appears briefly in the film saw it many years later when I was a I was amazed to see wander past my bedroom and their lives returned to later how the study of world history could help him make sense of that personal experience. He had always loved but over the years history to explain why things had happened to me and my family. It had answers. It made sense of the world and not just of my experiences but also why the was the way it why those industries were why people felt the need to drive you out of your why some people could never accept the idea that I could be of this and be went to University and then to for a degree before rejecting the idea of a an doing a felt to me like never leaving He joined the met his partner in the canteen is a producer at the Natural History and wound up in the job of his dreams. only ever wanted to do and make wants to do more than rehabilitate lost or forgotten individuals. was trying to look at black history beyond just he arguing that historians in the past have focused on the lives of black who remain on the margins. These exhumed figures need to be incorporated into mainstream excavation that resonates with him is an image of a black on the bronze relief panel at the bottom of column in Square. The panel shows Nelson mortally wounded and the sailor standing close musket in been there since the says of all the things that have happened in Square since then the mass union the the poll tax riots. He was there to witness all that history and there because a representation of a norm black sailors in the navy. I think about what looking out at the changing watching Twitter A sketch of a servant to dating from around 1750 Stock is indelible proof for carved into a monument to heroic nationalism that black belong inside not on its There are other memorable such as the third woman who grew up in East and John a trumpeter at Henry coronation. He hopes one day that dramas or documentaries on the court might even the black we know were there. As part of his series he places plaques in various locations to commemorate moments or figures in black including a plaque at Island in Sierra which was used as a slave and in home in of his way that history is taught in schools and universities is telling half a believes. What happened inside cannot be separated from its global identity. were the biggest empire the world had ever seen. The idea that you can have a domestic history apart from it make sense. Take the industrial the stories about spinning and water frames are all part of our heritage. But where does the cotton being spun in those machines come At we went to mills and factories and nobody at any point in my education pointed out that the cotton processed in those mills was made by enslaved black When we talk about the history of the industrial the missing people in that revolution are the 1.8 million enslaved people who made that cotton. It was our biggest export and almost all of it came from the deep To fail to tell the story of these black he tell a should we talk about the historical guilt and shame of the and passed down through the I want to excise the words and from the conversation. There is no one alive today who is a slave trader or a slave owner. I think about people feeling guilt or shame. about and about truth and reconciliation. But I even think done the truth bit is published by To order a copy for go to or call 0330 333 6846. Free over orders only. Phone orders min of The accompanying series begins on at on 9 life in on on via on on on on on this content
You talk about any kind of media any kind of technology without talking about the intellectual who or or the acid guru Timothy for notoriety in the His career began in the early but it took off in 1962 with his publication of The The Making of Typographic closely followed by the extraordinary Understanding The Extensions of in which he introduced his most famous medium is the Trump right that more fight for than the Read writing was dense with allusion and he quoted freely from and visible world is no longer a reality and the unseen world is no longer a and was in no way afraid of ambiguity. Yet within this tapestry of ideas was something so elegant and elastic that it walks a path from then to now with ease a unified theory of media that describes our relationship to its technologies in a single the of the information age. The medium is the starts with a simple then spirals outward in surprising ways. His imaginative leap involved seeing the media we create as of whose primary importance is to change not what we but our relationship to the world and the processes by which we act upon how we dream and connect with other people. The medium is its own enabling and constraining in and of itself. shape our tools and thereafter they shape he the hallucinatory of 2016 been thinking a lot about and never more than in the past when the confluence of two apparently unrelated events suddenly struck me as significant. First a candidate for the presidency threatened to repudiate an election result if he opening a path to civil disobedience or violence on the part of his followers. working in at the and hearing this reminded me of the way two separate recently offered sympathy for my having to live under sharia law in the commiserating with the way is now to all but State members and When I told them unless this had occurred in the fortnight since it they looked me coolly in the eye and insisted it was that who live in the was mistaken. Twitter as Don Draper in Mad Men helped new entertainment outlets such as and on earth to make sense of Gentle probing revealed these information to have come from Fox News and websites such as the same sources from which is cobbled together news outlets neither I nor anyone I would trust to make my skinny soy decaf with or even to own a ever I heard news that the streaming network known for House of Cards and Orange is the New Black had rocked the stock market by announcing a huge and unexpected jump in subscribers during the third quarter of this year of these new subscribers were outside the many in At the end of 2015 households paid for a figure projected to double by 2020. The constituency is disproportionately young and according to the Audience Research be to Don I thought. When in the shows by and competitors such as and are now I in the as even the willingness to take risks falls to a fragmenting political pressure and the concomitant obsession with bums on seats. And this is People whose disposes them to look for surprise and originality in their media have a place to go. People who want the comfort of predictability have their too. On a personal how could anyone lament a situation held to have brought a of drama and panoply of diverse news in which everyone gets what they back and the picture looks more complex. began as an enthusiast for the electronic he saw and the creating. The he would mimic the intimacy and sense of community surrendered to the alienations of the mechanical until has has and we live in a With broadcast there was a case for early satellite pictures of the notorious offensive are claimed to have turned public opinion against the war in and the first moon landing a year later could not have made the impact it did but for had to share the same few tolerating and uniting regularly over be it and Wise or Top of the which though usually almost everyone watched together. Occasionally viewers would be surprised by they think they would establishing fresh connections in the brain and with other people. Twitter Buzz walks on the moon on 20 a media event that brought people together. quality and breadth of what we watch in 2016 is infinitely but the big picture might not be. becoming strangers to one and with hindsight this surprising. When uptake of the began in the late the global pooling of information and wisdom was much trumpeted. But if you talk to early most will say the real wonder was in allowing them to commune with people unfettered by you were an jazz fan in now you could find other fans to talk until before long you had your own virtual And unlike a physical you never had to leave this never had to interact with anyone you want to. years net algorithms will feed you material based entirely on your with no notion of a potential of growth or challenge. all being all the and it feels good until we find ourselves on the sharp side of a seems little doubt that over two and a half this has changed us the medium has been the message helping to create an environment in which superficially confounding phenomena such as and Trump and the measurable rise of narcissism are perfectly if not inevitable. the provocative goes one step suggesting in his new film that the new far from having caused the fragmentation we see and merely amplified a model of that had been evolving since the late and is now dominant. In this model an understandable reaction to the misuse of power by leaders in the and truth to self becomes the ultimate and only with its conveyor and personal preference the lone been said that with new technologies we tend to foresee the positives but be blindsided by the negatives. Can individual choice be a When I set out to write my book which involved tracking down the nine surviving men who had walked on the one of my questions was why some had fared well upon returning spinning off at delightfully surprising tangents and others it seems to me that those inclined to see their feats not as individual but as merely the most visible part of a shared collective were more likely to integrate their experiences into productive lives thereafter. So in my the most liberating feeling a human can have is that in the scheme of things in service to something greater than with all the constraint to personal choice so on on via on on on on on this content
you anyone said that to you after one your happened to me. In if I had a pound for every time heard that I would be well on the way to bridging the pay gap between academic and technical teaching am a technical instructor. all about pushing buttons and pulling I even pronounce let alone deliver it. Many higher education institutes running degrees employ technical instructors to teach the areas not covered by the theory in the lecture rooms. My particular group of instructors is made up of people who have skills and experience. We are not recent graduates. We are industry professionals who want to pass on our skills so that students are equipped for the workplace when they makes how to become a vocational lecturer Read technical instructors get paid significantly less than academics. scholarly promotion opportunities and ridiculously long annual leave are not part of our contracts. We are placed in the same union as call workers and security staff. We are in a lower social class than our academic I mention that we have a different management structure from the entire academic This means that we get shown the qualitative data from the National Student which points to the technical team as the strength of the year after year. when I asked the academic manager to see the I was told it would a lot of before I could see it. The thing we do see as we have ways to circumnavigate the system. We understand that really means trying to withhold negative comments about some of their staff. Plus a bit awkward if it points to our technical team as a strength in the teaching and as we are paid significantly less than does sound a bit like and some people clearly know the difference between the two. I am referred to as a technician on a daily basis. I can only assume this word association is why we are the first port of call whenever there is a technical problem with something like slides. They call on us with teaching of although this would actually be more appropriate. After a lot of us are fellows of the Higher Education Academy and have far more teaching experience than a lot of am usually the first person through the door in the morning and the last to leave in the evening that is what happens when your hours are automatically technical support hours. Students know where we are based and we spend a lot of time talking them through queries. At the end of my teaching I have a queue of students waiting at the door to ask questions. Your lecturers are on strike because they are struggling to survive Read of these sessions are written by with no input from any course academic. They are steeped in psychology and practice. But this is not teaching. I wonder about the elephant in the room. You find surgery being taught to medical students by someone who had never worked as a surgeon. But you do get academics who have never worked a day outside of HE teaching subjects. got a huge amount of respect for many of my academic colleagues who work tirelessly. But I also see the ones that let the side are plenty of new training courses offering diplomas in the same subjects as our degrees. They have partnerships with industry as well. They are busy and even though they charge more than us. Their technical are called is a massive challenge ahead of us regarding the traditional models of courses and accreditation. The sector needs to appropriately and reward the those who make a difference in the classroom. is not a dirty word in industry and it should not be in higher education. Having two disjointed teaching teams is unhelpful and creates another political minefield that students have to navigate. There should be one equal teaching team made up of different academic technical industry practitioners and talented classroom teachers. Students would have one port of leading to better communication and a better overall experience. If we sort this one we will be able to trump any other new training institution. How could they compete with that breadth of recently deceased futurist illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and but those who cannot and It is about time universities do a bit of unlearning and let everyone relearn as a the higher education network for more analysis and job direct to your Follow us on Twitter And if you have an idea for a please read our guidelines and email your pitch to us at Education on on via on on on on on this content
the remain majority in the Commons makes it those who should be cheering high court judgment the loudest are the people who have been the most passionate defenders of parliamentary sovereignty. So the judges have heeded your earnest plea to make parliament supreme. Put out the your insistence that be the ultimate arbiter of our national affairs has been given the judicial seal of approval. Let all those who spent the spring trumpeting the glory of hailing it as the mother of now celebrate their of they Those who campaigned for leave in the name of wresting power from to went strangely quiet when it came to the question decided by the court who has the power to trigger article Suddenly they found that parliament was not quite so sacred or central that some things were best left to ministers to decide. the judges have called out that hypocrisy. They have decided that the should have to comply with their own logic and bow to that as has said he that a is imminent that parliament might opt for a as the former leader put or even that it might halt You can see why a the remain camp still has a majority in the when you add up not just the and the Liberal Democrats but also the estimated 185 who wanted to stay in the If they all united and voted as they did on 23 they could block do that. Too many would regard it as a constitutional to go against the verdict delivered in the referendum. Others have a more practical fear of contradicting the wishes of their own local anxious they would pay the price with their own are the judges who ruled that should vote on Read that fear will only fully kick in if May presents them with a a motion to trigger article 50 or not. If the choice is any less stark than if May proposes detailed legislation then that would give plenty of wriggle room. They could say that while the public voted to they did not vote for this of leave. That would give the remain majority in parliament the chance to slow things down and demand a much softer other factors could prove decisive. The coherence of in parliament now matters. If the party can get its act together and unite the demand that remains a member of the single market then it will have real muscle. The early signs were not recall that the first public figure to demand the immediate triggering of article 50 was hours after the vote. But and others have set a good needs to press the case against hard strongly and other thing to remember is that parliament is not just the Commons. The Lords will have a say too. Unelected peers thwarting the will of the people may look like a democratic outrage. But and the rest can hardly complain. The Lords are an ancient part of our parliament. And parliament as they never stopped reminding us is Say If attempt to overturn public trust will fall even those of us who voted leave in order to ensure that our who make political decisions in this this ruling in the high court is a nice irony. I personally have a problem with anyone using any democratic or legal means to achieve any political end they want. And no doubt that have the right to cancel if they choose to do I would advise them to use their power respectfully and wisely. The reputation of the political classes in this country is already very and any attempt to overturn the referendum result is likely to send it down even further with baleful make any difference in the long run is a moot point. There are powerful vested interests in the already at work to get the ballot overturned or render it meaningless. There are equally powerful interests in the itself who are willing to help them out. I bet against them succeeding. As the and have referendums in the are flexible friends. But that will leave a pertinent question do votes actually count for anything in these or are they merely glorified opinion the public must get a say on the final the Conservative commitment to the principles of parliamentary representative it is disappointing that decision had to be made in the court. a failure to consult elected representatives of the public on the terms of the negotiation package would undermine the very principles that and Fox have championed. this will provide some clarity on what has been a completely chaotic showing from the government so will be vital that parliament now works productively together to get the best possible negotiating deal to take to Given the strict timetable of exiting the once article 50 is it is critical that the government now lays out its negotiations to before such a vote is held. So team have been all over the place when it comes to what is best for and time they pull their socks up and start taking this the people voted for a departure but not for a which is why what really matters is allowing them to vote again on the final giving them the chance to say no to an irresponsible hard that risks our economy and our The appeal is unlikely to succeed Twitter Prime minister May. government has announced that it will appeal against a judgment by a court that restores sovereignty to the parliament to legislate for the legal landscape. Even for the sake of that just looks bad. The Vote Leave camp campaigned for sovereignty to be restored to the parliament. It is symptomatic of their many inconsistencies that they now argue that this crucial decision ought not to be taken by has caused havoc already. Now parliament must save us Read three days of legal the writing was on the wall for the government when it was forced to make the significant concession that article 50 is both unconditional and irrevocable. That might be true but it is at least open to challenge legally. The irony of the appeal is that it now opens up the box of whether the article 50 question on can be answered only by the court of justice. If what sort of delay will that my the government has poor prospects of succeeding in the supreme court. The high key reasoning is that the government without the intervention of parliament confer rights on individuals or deprive individuals of There is no answer to this. The removal of the ability to seek authoritative rulings of the for is but one material change in our and it may have a profound impact on fundamental and social rights. other major rights merely by the arguments. I see a comeback to the various fatal gaps in the which the court found to be most fundamental rule of constitutional law is that parliament is and that legislation enacted by both Houses of Parliament is supreme. If means the court has confirmed that only parliament can trigger it. Both Houses of Parliament now need to stand up for the national interest and demand accountability from the and for their constituents. The courts have done their bit for the rule of law. on behalf of all of now needs to do the This is what taking back control really ruling is a huge victory for our parliamentary democracy. This is what real sovereignty looks and this is what taking back control really decision is about parliamentary sovereignty and our constitution. It is not about leave or remain it is actually about whether we have a sovereign parliament in this and as such the decision is the right got a Bill of Rights in 1689 which gave parliament powers and took power away from the executive and the monarch. Those who wanted to leave the campaigned on the basis of parliamentary so it would have been completely inconceivable for the executive to overreach its prerogative powers and trigger article 50 without any form of parliamentary scrutiny or specifically legislated to hold an so it is now important that the government puts its plans before parliament so that can these plans before the decision on triggering article 50 and beginning the This ruling halt but further everyone. high court ruling does not mean parliament will prevent They what is they Why because they may not get a chance to. The judgment is not the end of the there is an appeal to come. But assume the supreme court upholds the verdict. Parliament then would have a right to vote on the triggering of article 50. Will they use this opportunity to block the Almost certainly the 650 479 are reckoned to have backed remain over half of Conservative So there prior to the a parliamentary majority in of remaining. But things have changed since 23 For one elected representatives were shown to be out of touch with their 421 of 574 and Welsh parliamentary constituencies voted to leave. Polling that significantly more than of 2015 Conservative voters and more than of voters backed leave. Voting against a referendum result generated by many of their own voters is not something many would willingly countenance court what does it all Read most parliament seems likely to do is to impose procedural conditions on the prime minister. These may include the need to report back regularly on the negotiations providing the kind of running commentary she has resisted to date. Yet even it is hard to see how can materially affect the final outcome. Article 50 lays down a deadline. Once a deal is they will face a choice between whatever May has achieved and no deal at all. There will be no scope to modulate what is on the this is as it should be. not as if politics was held in high regard before the referendum. I shudder to think what would happen following a unique democratic moment that the population in a way even elections fail a parliament that had approved the legislation providing for the vote decided to overturn it because it had come up with the so to the final irony. The chances are this ruling will not halt but further it. A judgment hailed by serve merely to place a parliamentary stamp of approval on an outcome they on on via on on on on on this content
adores the latest addition to her southern a emerald just looks much nicer with all the green. It feels clean and she said on padding across the grass expanse. thought about artificial turf but I just wanted the real stuff arrived last a boon for her two two dogs and and fitted right into Rancho a east of nobody on the street has got rid of said a did not do so because great grass purge seems to have faltered. A punishing drought triggered mandatory water restrictions last year and seemingly turned lawns into an enemy of the state. Thousands were ripped up. Vigilantes reprobates who maintained verdant lawns. The ideal was brown or no the hunt for with foremost Read Sod a big turf saw orders plunge from a high of 500 a day to just 80. One customer requested a clandestine delivery to avoid shaming. Critics called the company an environmental vandal. A post compared it to the Southland Sod Farms is delivering about a hundred lawns daily across Orange County and and is cautiously optimistic about the future. panic to drive lawns out that only went so said owner down inside people appreciate the recreational and aesthetic value of talked up environmental benefits absorbing greenhouse cooling air impeding soil erosion and his conservation efforts. for used to have an even bigger lawn until drought fried it. She compromised and replaced about half of it with landscaping and the rest with the new lawn. Twitter Norm a sales rep for Southland Sod on the lawn of one of his clients. Smith for the clients install lawns only in hidden from the said. want to look like doing their social responsibility by not having a lawn out bolder souls in sod it. these folks my world begins on my property and stay out of year is on track to be the hottest ever recorded and is enduring a fifth parched but anecdotal evidence suggests lawn the love that dare not speak its is indeed back. Horrified landscapers and conservation activists have reported spotting new lawns around LA and see them going in. I always stop and stare and what are you are you really that said a landscape consultant and president of Urban Water people are choosing to keep their lawns and just pay the bill. I guess they want it bad said a landscaper with He recently spotted what appeared to be a new lawn in boggles my who runs a water conservation said some residents simply denied the realities of a climate. just a little what else can I do to save I think in and LA we just have this entitlement I want what I a Hills lawn owner and thinks there is no need to purge lawns until climate impact is clearer. think eventually have to get rid of lawns but be hesitant to jump the he while admiring lush gardens in Panic a topic he explored in Outbreak and not benefit he a construction approved of lawns for public spaces he was eating lunch on one but lamented that wealthy clients were keeping private assistant director of landscape architecture and urbanism at the University of Southern said the urgency felt last year yielded some positive such as greater use of drip irrigation and solar but that neighborhoods with big properties showed little change. lawns remain the Drought which ranged from aerial photos of lawns to people tweeting photos of has who pedals around west LA documenting water profligacy in thinks shamelessness is trumping have only seen a small reduction in yards used for he in many cases I see so much foliage planted that it is not in any way reducing the water just a year ago there was a war on lawns. ad campaigns urged no watering with slogans such as is the new The Metropolitan Water District of Southern doubled its rebate from to for home and business owners to remove to such enthusiastic response the budget for it last long. Twitter outside her home. Smith for the two things homeowners who had replaced lawns with landscaping hated the gravel with a smattering of yarrow and other plants. Often the plants giving way to lawn alternative artificial turf lost some luster when reported that department of water and which is tasked with punishing water watered fake grass at its substations. The Wash out dog pee. Twitter In the Guardian looked at the rising trend of fake grass in all do it because we want to live in a beautiful more consequential event happened in the State Water Resources Control Board relaxed last requirement for a cut in overall urban water use after winter rains had partly replenished reservoirs and and businesses used less water in compared with the same month in according to figures released on Quite a slide from the savings achieved in but still according to water to show that conservation can work without mandatory in the farmers who water their crops Read is some evidence for that. president of Association of Professional Landscape said her clients and other home owners in the Bay Area were committed to conservation. a big green lawn equal prosperity and beauty. It equals the said that with less financial incentive to abandon lawns more people would keep them. restrictions was a huge mistake. It sent the wrong message that this really an emergency any more. When people hear that they just crank up the is no end in sight to chronic water shortage. One study has warned that the current the most intense ever could become supplied sod for hundreds of thousands of lawns over the believes they will continue to adorn purge or no purge. we hear about is more more conservation. At some point people say on on via on on on on on this content
Bobby the jazz saxophonist whose quivering tone seemed to echo the sounds of his pipers and folk singers as well as the jazz heroes of his has died aged 80. was most famous for a exquisite improvised solo on Starless and Bible from the pianist 1965 classic Under Milk Wood a tenor saxophone passage of birdlike mournful hoots softly blown into deep fragmentary motifs that would briefly consolidate into hints of a almost any performance across what were effectively two remarkable playing lives either side of a layoff from the which he spent overcoming addictions and depression would have moments of comparable magic. Like the performance I witnessed at the Vortex club in in a part of extended 75th birthday celebrations. joined his old sparring partner on a gig that confirmed the bebop pioneer Max adage that jazz always allows you to be who and what you at whatever stage of life you happen to have issued a characteristic stream of fitful sudden startled yelps and wriggles into the upper register on In Walked while chords stamped and snorted in the frequent spaces he left and My stripped of its was recast as a kind of limping It was music of magnificent with managing to be both alter ego and his polar in the wistful resignation with which he would greet his peremptorily barging was born in Both his Max a and his Sally a were performers with the Miller Show and his father was first saxophone introducing him to the alto at the age of and then to jazz harmony on the piano. Moving south to West studied harmony at College of Further and clarinet at the School of Music in west he worked with Buddy swing in a lineup that included the newly arrived young trumpeter Wheeler. The following worked on ocean and between 1959 and 1961 worked with two influential Tony and Tony and on the saxophonist Tommy residency at the hotel in first founded in central in had begun to attract illustrious guests by the early and the West jazz scene was briefly booming. Nucleus club became what called his an jamming haunt he would visit in the small hours after gig. joined compositionally classy Jazz Incorporated band on its gigs at the Flamingo and through it met in those days the regular pianist for both and the pair quickly how much they had in eloquently in 1961 on haunting suite Moor and four years later on personal tribute to radio play Under Milk Wood. and were bonded in life by downbeat in music by a relish for the between lyrical warmth and enigmatic terseness and eventually also by the attractions of the jazz easy access to narcotics. Heroin almost destroyed the careers of both of but with the support of family and fellow they came through it to produce enduring work for the next three left to live in West with his and after a painful personal battle as he told me in 2006 in an interview for by his wife observation that was seeming like a monster to my own he returned to playing and recording notably with the albums Jubilation and Dreams Are Free and often in the company of the pianist began teaching at the West Institute of Higher Education in toured in 1980 with the trombonist Jimmy was a soloist in eclectic orchestra and worked in the in big bands led by the and soprano Bob and with John and Spike in Tenor Madness In the he also made the superb album Worry and a memorable Holiday The Satin and resumed working with in also forged fruitful partnerships with the pianists Mark and Kirk forming a regular trio with the former alongside the bassist and drummer Spike Wells that spurred some of the most poised and imaginative playing of his career. Always believing that his best was still to in his continued to play beautifully in new such as his duo with the on Smoke and Mirrors and in 2014 as principal soloist with the National Jazz Orchestra on a mournful and moving revisit to the Moor suite. In was the subject of the documentary film Dreams Are directed by and shown at the and film festivals that is survived by and their and jazz born 24 died 27 on on via on on on on on this content
Evangelicals in the 2016 election have proven loyal to the Republican Party in spite of continued ... moral issues. In the latest white evangelicals are the largest religious with of them supporting Trump. This support has created fissures in the with some evangelicals protesting while others such as Jerry are comparing Trump to King never thought find common ground with evangelicals. Enter Trump Read Trump loses the the only unifying issues evangelicals will have left are abortion and their hatred of Even with they stand to become less influential in political the performances of have been strong points for but ascendancy with evangelicals has eviscerated that expectation. like other can be very pragmatic about the issues they want addressed by the leadership they support. In the 2016 election evangelicals are concerned about the supreme and as shows. For evangelical these issues trump the personal morality. Loyalty to Trump has not only a moral but also a structural cost. It will not mean the is rather that and other religious conservatives will be better positioned to carry its lessening evangelical influence. have been very opposed to and Catholic voters are evenly split between Trump and not will be able to claim the values high ground has also proven that Republican presidential candidates do not necessarily have to pander to power brokers such as Bob head of the Family Leader in or Tony of Family Research Council. Trump amassed his own coterie of Prosperity Gospel preachers who were not traditional evangelical such as and as a result reached a whole other segment of the religious population more in tune with promise of returning economic prosperity and his use of the media. Even longtime evangelical leader of Focus on the had to use White to convince his following that Trump was really a because she had led him to Trump has changed the ecosystem of the evangelical breaking the usual evangelical synergies that and worked diligently during the 2016 presidential campaign. As a it will be difficult for those choosing to run in the 2020 election cycle to play the cycle of business as usual in courting the evangelical vote. Merely spouting language and talking about religious freedom did not gather evangelical votes this cycle as well as language of the decline of terrorism and fear of immigrants did. Whether Trump knew it or his strong language tapped into evangelical beliefs about the and role in biblical prophecy. Bee jokingly evangelicals that ready to get the apocalypse by voting for but their fear of a presidency has activated their apocalyptic fervor. Trump has indirectly from a strong belief of evangelicals that the two terms of has led the country to the brink of destruction. was bad enough in their having the back in the White House would be the end. So while evangelicals are coming together to support internal frictions are many. Evangelical women are upset about Trump and the accusations of sexual and verbal abuse of and many are angered that their male counterparts have been silent about it. Evangelical women are also large consumers of evangelical media and and their support of these organizations is crucial. Should they shun both Trump and the predominately male evangelical it may have a ripple effect in these abilities and their ministerial efforts. younger evangelicals and evangelicals of color are very opposed to Trump. of Sojourners is very vocal that all support but only white evangelicals are being polled about their political not or This brings up the biggest issue that evangelicals face with their support of that they will be seen as agreeing with contingent that is not interested in but rather in white nationalism and the restoration of white As a evangelicals who have claimed to be find themselves aligning with hate groups who support Trump and are also against and both important to evangelicals and their beliefs. All of these issues pose important structural and political problems for evangelicals after the 2016 election. I believe that the various coalitions under the evangelical umbrella will be in disarray. Evangelicals will fade in political and social clout on the national stage regarding religious abortion and the coveted replacement of on the US supreme court. Supporting Trump on election day may have many evangelicals gritting their teeth in the ballot but it is nothing compared to the aftermath if their loses. on on via on on on on on this content
In an age of systems Premier League goal drought may have already ended title hopes. This is the stark truth of the ploy adopted by those with championship the has to deliver in most is not doing so. He last scored in the league five weeks ago and side are eight points from the summit after 10 Squires on hotel woes Read this with the top double in 4-0 win at West on made it seven goals in seven league starts. Pep team have 23 points and lead Arsenal and on goal has six in nine starts as the main man. At has four in nine and eight in 10 for have been key in their rise to fourth. They are seven points ahead of never mind a 21st appear outsiders for a Champions League has four in 10 half that of the Premier leading scorer. The Swede last netted on 10 when he pulled a goal back for United in the 42nd minute of the derby at Old The had two further chances before the break. He missed and a goalless sequence of 498 minutes was signed by as his totem the man to personify the muscular style who would do for attack what did for when led them to consecutive Premier League titles in 2005 and has come to be the unwanted embodiment of woes. As his fortunes have gone so have the have not won in the league for more than a month the 4-1 victory against City on 24 They have not scored for four weeks goal in the 1-1 draw with Stoke City on 2 The last time they scored away was on 18 goal in a 3-1 defeat at a particularly disappointing outing against on United had 37 shots of which 12 were Yet still he failed. At the end at Old the veteran striker could have sealed a precious three points when found him near Tom goal but choked once was the same tale at in the 0-0 draw with a fortnight ago when a cross fell to him. Sandwiched between was a missed chance to at that might have stopped United being all competitions has only one goal in his past 10 appearances the winner against in the League at Old on 29 He has scored once on the road all in the opening weekend 3-1 win at are awful figures for a footballer who trumpeted his arrival at the club with the am may need a second one if the barren run though the issue might be one he can do nothing is a struggle to recall any champion side being spearheaded by a striker in his 36th year. No reminder is required of how the Premier League is a more test than where operated in the previous four seasons with Twitter scored 38 goals and set up 13 for in the league last season. He has scored four and assisted none in the Premier League. statistics show how difficult he is finding the gulf between and football. In 31 appearances last season scored 38 or every 67.2 minutes. In 2014-15 it was 19 in 24 outings at 105.4 2013-14 was his poorest but the rate was still 26 in 33 every 106.5 and in his opening term his 30 in 34 came at a goal every 99.1 United the ratio is a goal every 225 minutes. Last season provided 13 assists for to follow 11 and eight. There have been zero for has become a peripheral figure. It appears time to drop him. three goals in six starts is a better ratio and have come despite him being deployed out wide. The cocktail of raw trickery and finishing ability is unique in squad and a central role may give them the so desperately the goalless draw with was speaking with and we both agreed we have never experienced something like that on the pitch. We controlled the game for 90 minutes and to not score is words underline the fact that issue is not creating chances but finishing them. This is the precise role was hired for. His most fallow run since 2007 comes as his fight to arrest the listing form caused him to be sent to the stands on this is facing a Football Association charge of verbally abusing Mark the referee. He is already in trouble for comments made about the match before the draw at of this would matter if United were winning. For victory they need goals. Now has to decide whether he can trust to start supplying on on via on on on on on this content
Welcome to the weekly a summary of developments as moves not without incident towards the exit. If like to receive it as a weekly please sign up the journalism is expensive but supporting us If you value our please become a Guardian supporter and help make our future more secure. Thank big the we learned more about the preferred plan from the business secretary in a television interview than we have in four months from the prime minister and her three cabinet Appearing on the was pushed on just what the government had promised to persuade the as it announced last week to swallow its fears and produce its next two models in Twitter A member of manufacturing staff working on the production line of the in decision was clearly a huge boost to the guaranteeing some 7,000 jobs in and allowing May to hail a vote of confidence in But what had induced to with the edict of not providing a running delivered a clear signal that No 10 is aiming for a free trade relationship with the similar to the single market and customs What I said was that our objective would be to ensure that we would have continued access to the markets in and vice versa without tariffs and without bureaucratic impediments and that is how we will approach those our colleague clear implication was that target will be not just to avoid tariff and barriers with the for but probably to seek similar deals for other industries in a first point about this is that when it comes to the part of the government plainly sees access to the single market as at least as important as migration controls and ending oversight from the court of justice. That appears to be at odds with stated second is that the logical inference from remarks is that he believes should stay in the customs union which is not necessarily the view of Fox at the Department for International Trade. The third is that it is by no means clear some would say highly unlikely that the will be open to such negotiations. And the final point is the potential cost of such an not just in contributions to the budget but as Nick pointed out in the the taxpayer could end up paying to a whole series of such deals for different industry does suggest that views on the desirability of remaining in or as good as in the single market might be closer to the ones she revealed privately to bankers before the referendum than to those she trumpeted at the Conservative party conference. The prime preferred may be softer than anyone thought which could mean trouble ahead from the view from big news from last week was that after a fortnight of valiant resistance from the region of the and finally got to sign their free trade known as which gives the its first trade pact with a still has to go before national but the commission was We are setting standards which will determine in the coming years. Nothing in other trade agreements will be able to remain below the level of what we have reached today with May was at pains to say would not seek to replicate any existing model in its future relationship with the and saw relation between what we are signing today and the there were lessons aplenty in the the most important is that on a continent that seems increasingly about the value of trade 38 national and regional assemblies will have a final say on the future agreement and several will seek to use Van a trade expert at the for Policy told the any trade deal will be and will need to meet the concerns of each county and Member states are no longer reluctant to put their foot in the door and stop an agreement in order to gain what they of the things might well want is the end of the treaty under which carries out border checks on soil. As the migrant and refugee camp in was finally demolished last it is becoming increasingly clear that the future of the treaty could become part of wider talks. will be one of the loudest voices calling for a hard line if opts for a hard As the man currently most likely to be the next reminded the Guardian a of could well be part of the mix. back in least Bank of England governor Mark most migrant is going to hang around for a year longer than he needed until 2019 and he has the full backing of the PM. that means be in charge through the article 50 leaving process. Twitter Mark has felt the wrath of several over his negative predictions of the economic risks of with and all calling for him to had been tipped to announce his decision about serving his full term on Had he chosen to as US economist pointed out on it would be the method of his rather than losing the man which would be a disaster. not about All central bankers are said a former member of the Bank of monetary policy committee. about a government that attacks any disagreement. So put in a shadow John also rallied to this saying his party would fight to preserve the central gave the Bank of England independence to stop chancellors leaving monetary policy to the whims of their calling that independence speech also issued new demands for the government not to pursue a sweetheart deal for the City at the expense of manufacturers and small for instead of warning of the dangers of a a slip of the tongue saw him rail against a presumably kippers and which sounds rather should also know high court judge in rejected two of the first legal challenges to saying the 1998 Good agreement could not be used to exempt Northern from the decision to leave the economy turned in a better than expected performance after the growing by in the three months to will need an interim deal and must accept the will exact an economic and political price for a former top Foreign Office official said remain voters should their opposition to are the insurgents Lots of people said he should shut up. The number of students applying for places on some of the most courses in the leading universities has dropped by the Nick argues that May lied to get her job as PM and is lying to us to make us believe she is acting in our best interests whereas she is in fact prime minister of She pretends that we should leave the even though she knows we should remain a member of the single market. She offers us the illusion that we are taking back even as we lose our freedom to act. She cuts deals in in the hope that the public will never that her land of is an expensive place to but characteristically Bush in the New Statesman says the over decision to stay or go reflects increased vulnerability on international markets in the wake of the If for the last four had the security and the limitations of a boat in the the country is about to exchange that for the freedom and vulnerability of a ship at sea The future direction of politics depends to a great extent on whether the 17 million who voted for leave feel that was part of the bargain and if the 16 million who did not can be reconciled to that at the FT argues the deal offers a pointer to a possible soft a lengthy transition say 10 years followed by either a hard or some kind of association agreement. The immigration can be dealt with in all sorts of creative ways including simply imposing a minimum residency requirement on access and welfare pretty much as has Starting from where we the is the best of the remaining options. It works for It works for and Northern most it will work for the prime minister. As someone who has been on both sides of the arguments virtually she incorporates both thesis and antithesis. taught us where that ends of the like political but not bad all the legacy of the down the side of the now apparently political shorthand for weekly on on via on on on on on this content
Inside the there is a strong expectation that the government will shortly unveil a third country resettlement deal to try and fix diabolical problem of 2,000 people languishing indefinitely in immigration detention have been hints about this for the past few month and a half ago the immigration Peter opened the door to resettling refugees detained on in New particular door open very long. The hint of a shift in policy appeared in an interview did with the network that hit the public domain on 15 asylum laws pave the way for Peter says Read that troubled by an message arrival interview was broadcast earlier than closed the door. regional processing relationship with would continue for he said by way of was a another batch of significant talk when and went to the United and said would take refugees from camps in Perhaps the third country New but the United States. Perhaps it was latest batch of internal speculation has been triggered by the government on sounding the political trumpets before revealing plans to introduce new legislation to ban asylum seekers who arrive by boat from ever being allowed into Twitter announces lifetime visa ban for asylum seekers who arrive by confirming and have certainly done nothing definitive over the past 24 hours to hose down speculation the new batch of punishment for arrivals a necessary prerequisite to if there is some prospect of ending the unconscionable arbitrary detention of thousands of people who have committed absolutely no then this would be a welcome a means to an with the end goal being the clearing of the wretched offshore Shorten calls refugee ban as Coalition attacks Labor for indecision Read this is the actual in any rational the government would engage the and work constructively to get it this is asylum so the prospect of anyone inhabiting a rational universe is so seen the same old government has decided to convert what could be a prelude to trying to do something minutely humane for asylum seekers into an operatic political on weakness on border Well who couple of sounding manly on the boats does throw a bone to the which is moderately when the are fully intent on coming after your declared on morning television on refugees welcome in The prime in South chose not to disavow statement. am not going to run a commentary on from a crude bit of political to your fractured perhaps just a simple political a think about it like if the government is going to try to shift some people out of indefinite this is obviously a significant change of pace in the story the government likes to tell about border particularly in a febrile environment where parliamentarians think a political plus to declare refugees are not welcome in this cut to the chase. If this is about to it will be the first moderately humane thing the government has done in this wretched policy space. The mild outbreak of humanity could confuse some of the cheerleaders and who apparently think mercy should never apply to people who seek asylum by turning up in a now a new cruelty is heaped upon the victims of our nation's political expedience First Dog on the Moon Read the government might be about to present some people with an opportunity to get out of the limbo put them in because of our deranged domestic political perhaps best from their perspective if we look too closely at the Coalition making preparations to be on border protection or God frame the news coverage from that we look at Labor being on border protection. And the first run has worked precisely to the left faction out in horror at the latest policy the Labor leader Bill Shorten trying to sound like saying no while leaving himself room to say they be that bet they could be that ask those poor souls in detention on on immigration and on on via on on on on on this content
Remember when artificial intelligence was supposed to be a good When we thought we in our old each be tended to by a robotic When we thought that all our jobs would be made allowing us to live lives of unbroken glorious future might still be on the but for now is rubbish. We live in a world where stupid robots and gormless algorithms are incompetently conspiring to make our lives much more difficult than they need to be. Just look at how much suffering at the hands of these terrible made me possibly Twitter Bots put the value of sterling into a spiral after the referendum. watched The Big be well versed in the moral and ethical dilemmas that can arise when you choose to bet against a failing financial institution. if The Big Short was set in the present it would consist of one scene where Bale sets up a and then 400 scenes where Bale gets steadily richer as he plays the drums and consistently fails to get a proper is sort of what happened during the great sterling of when the pound plummeted by in two minutes. Not only was the crash probably initiated by a panicky where the pound hit a level that caused one algorithm to automatically start which caused prices to which triggered all the other bots to start selling but bots also made the most money from it. hedge funds such as Piquant Technologies are set up to automatically seek out and bet against wobbly currencies based on market data. the pound counts as a very wobbly currency. And when the flash crash the algorithm kicked in and made about before Brad could even think about delivering a sermon about stopped me watching Drake Twitter live on stage something not going to thanks to ticket bots. you want to see playing in at the next flat out of luck. Every ticket for his concert on 28 the cheapest at and the most expensive at sold out almost immediately. thanks to the wonderful work of the ticket scalping there are almost 600 tickets available for anyone stupid enough to want to spend up to is the process in 2016. As the tickets go on you log on to the ticketing refreshing with no luck again and again for an hour before sloping away and brokenhearted. some goon has set up a bot to buy hundreds of tickets out from under your and sell them all for vastly inflated prices. In 2013 one developer is thought to have made from his ticketing bot. Venues and musicians are doing their best to this but in the be surprised if Drake performs his set to thousands of destroyed Twitter Twitter You move for bots on Twitter. are the worst thing about Twitter. This is a big given that Twitter is now exclusively the habitat of violently angry racist eggs who exist to scream misogynist abuse at famous but it is true. tweet out a carefully considered message full of important points and deft only to immediately receive a message back from watch my hot boob Computer and spend the rest of your day worried that living in a malfunctioning simulation of planet bots are more than just an though. Last a flood of bot activity worked to quell a protest against by overloading the used to the event. of new was launched this with the aim of learning and mimicking informal It was quickly taken after tweeting messages such did trump is the only hope of war To be this did at least demonstrate a working competency when it comes to killed romance Twitter The Amazon Echo the device that brings you the alluringly voiced Mark got an Amazon Echo. a wireless enabled with personal assistant play you shout. She and then plays you a and happy. can do set your calendar and relentlessly fail to understand any single pronunciation of the name in her calm responses to prosaic she has also become an unlikely fantasy a canvas for weirdest even though basically just on a people are starting to lust after her. Reviews on Amazon call her a One forum about possible upgrades includes the would love to say in that sexy voice of Given that the connection between human and product is so much more intimate than that between human and character and people have already married those not beyond the realms of possibility that someone will soon trade in their complicated human partner for a relationship with This is the point at which the world will ruined Twitter A masterpiece but now is making too. PA The thing we have always had over robots is our appreciation of culture. While we can take in a broad palette of relating to people and objects on an emotional all robots have ever been able to see are ones and zeros. We can watch a film and be moved by what we but a robot will just bleep three times and then things are changing. Algorithmic Shiv Integer takes blueprints for mashes them together into new shapes and then uploads them to the as new designs. Parliament Live creates transcripts of videos from the House of then automatically edits them into of the which are usually and most worryingly of last month released two songs composed through its Flow Machines bot. One of entitled was programmed to mimic the music of the hinting at a future where robotic enslavement is by what unmistakably sounds like a that came free with an issue of magazine in 1998. Apple named Lark as one of its top of 2015. It is a bot. According to its promotional you tell Lark what you had for breakfast if you want and it snipes the third time this It can also be saying things such got in a great run yesterday. High this alone makes Lark the worst thing you could possibly have on your but in things seem even worse. In her article I Tried Dieting With a I Hated reels off a list of accusations at Lark. secretly compiling data about her sleep and activity levels. remarking on a lack of exercise with a snippy every a bit offering advice that seem particularly most after a month of failed to lose any weight at are wrecking journalism Twitter Not content with everything bots are coming for newspapers are you probably know that bots are killing the customer service industry companies are starting to roll out messenger windows manned by nothing but which can answer common questions and respond to grievances faster and more cheaply than their human counterparts but journalism is likely to be next in the firing years the Times unveiled which was able to compile and publish reports on local earthquakes before they were even over. The Associated Press uses robots to write and file its corporate earnings reports. The Telegraph has a robot to write its afternoon football complete with text and graphics generated on the fly. On the plus the is tedious made up of nothing but bald fact and extraneous exclamation marks but only a matter of time before artificial intelligence becomes more sophisticated and starts covering more subjects. We can sleep safely in our beds for but it be long before someone invents a bot that writes endless nearly funny about future technologies. When that see you at the job intelligence on on via on on on on on this content
Tony former editor has a nickname for him. was how put it in the New director faces fury for cryptic letter about email inquiry Read there have been many behind the rise and rampage of Trump. included the Republican with its years of divisiveness and racially charged the with its collective chase of the next shiny and the baby feeling the cultural and economic ground give it was who sparked this strange political creature into life. As the ghostwriter of bestselling 1987 book The Art of the he did more than anyone to create the public persona. In it he translated coarse ramblings into charming straight talk and came up with the phrase which captures brilliantly an approach to business and politics in which everything is the the most beautiful. helped give Trump the sweet smell of success now seemingly irresistible to millions of people clinging to the been he says. the nearly 30 years after the book was the main thing I felt I want to be as far away from this man as I but I feel I created because he was a real estate developer and reality television star. Who It that consequential to the building on the foundation of The Art of the Trump spent a decade hosting the reality show The reinforcing his image as a preternatural businessman with the power to say blurring the boundaries between reality and reality just as he would throughout the presidential Many supporters say they trust him to run like a the business of is business. It was no coincidence that he launched his presidential campaign at Trump a marbled cathedral of capitalism in He is a man who is a chameleon and have any core beliefs beyond his own and simply think that much about it until he decided to run for president and it became clear that this going to just fade that he was actually in a position to win the nomination. when I my contributed to creating the public image of the man who is and people he were writing The Art of the Deal call it told the in an interview that broke decades of silence on the matter. certainly felt a kind of moral imperative to step in and say what I knew about a man I considered to be so and I am very relieved that I Trump he observed was vulgar and a narcissistic liar with a short attention no appetite for reading books and an business record. A Trump presidency he lead to martial the end of press freedom and the risk of nuclear dangerous. Worse than I imagined when he began to run. Unthinkable. Horrifying. way more out of control in the last couple of months than ever seen him. He have any core beliefs beyond his own and Twitter Tony with photographer and Trump at the book party for The Art of the Deal at Trump in 1987. fell into writing the book almost by accident. A liberal journalist in he wrote a scathing magazine article on only to receive a note from the ever greedy for saying he liked it. When went to interview him for Trump said he wanted to write an even though he was only 38. suggested instead a book called The Art of the Deal. Trump agreed and said he should write Series trumps presidential election in two cities Read a high mortgage and a second child on the needed the money. He struck his own a joint half of the advance and half the royalties. It paid off in financial if not spiritual The Art of the Deal sold more than a million copies and spent 13 weeks atop the New Times bestseller at the felt he was selling but to say he feels regret alone would be too simple. spent a long time thinking about why I did he muses. the only choice I made that not proud of in my life. a complicated question to say whether I would do it differently today and if I knew everything I know about what would happen to of course I do it. the complexity is that the experience of writing that book was so in a negative that it led me to change my life dramatically and move from a focus on being successful and earning more money to really exploring what a meaningful life looks quit journalism and set up a consulting The Energy which aims to boost productivity with healthier workplaces. spent 30 years doing stuff proud that not sure I would have gotten to if I written that book. It gave me such a profound experience of the wrongness the direction of my life was taking. So does good things and bad things over the course of a life if you get to the age I am and feel good about the life hard to I wish done this differently or that Maybe I have landed where I delivered an address to the Oxford Union in the last with the title the belly of the how Trump led me on the path to He are the consequences of the choices you make that you to but can little imagine potentially huge remains to be seen who else will find a moment of after election day on 8 Probably not the facing bitter infighting after hostile takeover. It will also be a time for the media to look at itself closely. Last the Republican candidate Bush told press playing you guys like a fiddle by saying outrageous things and garnering chairman of network may not be good for but damn good for By March Trump was already estimated to have earned of media attention. There will be hard questions over the thousands of hours of airtime he has been given and whether his bigotry should have been called out rather than and mainstreamed. I was a reporter for many years. driven by the story To write about policies just as has often been in thrall to newspapers have shown their mettle with a series of investigations and exposures. The New Times obtained records showing the billionaire may not have paid tax for 18 years. Then the Post revealed a 2005 video in which Trump bragged about groping women says he did not witness in 18 months shadowing This opened the floodgates for a dozen women to come forward with allegations of sexual assault or unwanted think my journey has a parallel in the journey of the media over the past six to 12 months. Along comes something that seems pretty damn a guy who attracts huge ratings and you know that people are going to read your story if you write about him. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into think the best people in the media have come to see that hate without considering the consequences of giving him that much attention turns out to have potentially really takes center stage in presidential race about men's sex lives Read this most astounding of all nothing will be quite the same he believes. going to change the media because no way not to go through a period of true for the for for the culture of this country and for the whole issue of Assuming it ends without Trump being we have to use this as an opportunity to question a lot of assumptions that vast numbers of people had accepted and he has proved are not Trump does lose the as opinion polls strongly there will tremendous relief for is an inflection point and if as soundly rejected as it looks like he will be quite a for to It will suggest the forces of progress and evolution hurled away the forces of hatred and how would whose entire personal mythology is based on winning with react to the devastating knows it be pretty. can tell terrified and angry about it and bewildered by it. hard to predict exactly how going to respond. It be in a healthy a chance going to do everything he can to blame this on someone other than himself. To insist a rigged election and to try to the angry people who are his base to do something violent and which he can then blame on the next administration. very elections on on via on on on on on this content
called on the to explain its review of a new batch of emails the agency said appeared to be pertinent to the previous investigation into her use of a private Series trumps presidential election in two cities Read reporters on the Democratic presidential nominee said it was for voters to have all of the information with just 11 days remaining before the presidential people deserve to get the full and complete facts said during a press conference in imperative that the bureau explain this issue in whatever it without further are 11 days out from perhaps the most important national election of our announced the discovery of the new emails in a letter to which did not offer any specifics other than to disclose that federal investigators would review whether they contained classified connection with an unrelated the has learned of the existence of emails that appear to be pertinent to the wrote. agreed that the should take appropriate investigative steps designed to allow investigators to review these emails to determine whether they contain classified as well as to assess their importance to our announced that the bureau had closed its investigation into emails and recommended prosecutors not seek charges in the case. But rebuked and her aides for the manner in which the emails were told reporters that she and her team had been given no advance warning and learned of the email investigation through news reports when letter was made public. But seeking to mitigate the political ramifications of the which was immediately seized upon by her Republican urged the to provide a clearer picture of its director noted that this new information may not be so get it adding she had not been contacted by the in relation to the matter. Even director noted that this new information may not be so get it law enforcement officials said the emails were discovered on a laptop shared by and his estranged a top aide to a former congressman from New has been the subject of an unrelated investigation after it was revealed he sent illicit messages and photos to an underage would not confirm the link to and who remains with her on the campaign heard these rumors. We know what to why it is incumbent upon the to tell us what talking about. Right now your guess is as good as and I think good made it very clear that if going to be sending this kind of letter that is only going originally to Republican members of the that they need to share whatever facts they claim to have with the she what I expect to The letter was sent to both Republican and Democratic leaders of relevant committees in Congress. Twitter Trump gleefully responds to new probe into letter sent by to his employees on and reported by the provided a glimpse into his thinking. The director said he an to inform Congress of the new based on his prior testimony before federal lawmakers that the investigation into emails was the same given that we know the significance of this newly discovered collection of I want to create a misleading has been dogged by questions over the use of her private email server since it was discovered weeks before she formally launched her presidential and polling suggests the controversy has damaged her image among voters. Just of find honest and according to a recent poll. Sensing an opportunity to revive the email controversy despite the vaguely worded the Republican presidential Trump said during a rally in New on corruption is on a scale we have never seen before we must not let her take her criminal scheme into the Oval At a later rally in he called her use of private emails the political scandal since a later rally in Cedar he abandoned his weeks of accusing the of collusion with the campaign. give them great credit for having the courage to right this horrible he said. will I think people a long time ago made up their minds about the emails. And now they are choosing a whose lead over Trump has widened in recent weeks as the real estate campaign unraveled in the wake of a tape in which he bragged about being able to grope said she believed the email issue was already factored into how the public think people a long time ago made up their minds about the said. now they are choosing a campaign expressed its frustration with the handling of the latest criticizing the way in which the news was maintaining silence in order to allow for to first address the Democrats quickly went on the offensive following her press conference with a series of statements calling on to come forward with more deliberately ambiguous nature of the most recent disclosure the emails could be significant or relevant or irrelevant contributes nothing to the the top Democrat on the House intelligence said in a statement. Can't How turnout will decide the 2016 presidential election Read coupled with the acknowledgment that more information will take an indeterminate period of it is difficult to see how this latest departure from department policy has served the public the president of a group that works to elect Democratic women to public said the developments sent Republicans into an ignorant and irresponsible is why director must release all of the facts anything less is just fodder for smear she said in a top surrogates refrain from wading into the issue for with on simply God. I should not comment on not a big elections on on via on on on on on this content
Almost all human beings have the capacity for empathy. Everyone has the potential to be at least or feel genuine about the suffering of other human beings. We like other humans have insecurities and we fall in love and have relationships that end in we worry about our we say things we occasionally kept awake by fears or and we try to impress people we look up to. We see things in others that we see in and that binds us together. But what happens when we no longer see a specific group as refugee children are sleeping rough because of policy Read Men Against Fire the penultimate episode in extraordinary new Black Mirror series soldiers are sent to mow down shrieking They relish slaughtering them they even derive sexual kicks from doing it. But the victims are actually human beings. It emerges that the soldiers have had implants inserted that as far as they can see transform their desperate civilian targets into bloodcurdling monsters deserving of no compassion. As a military psychiatrist tells a soldier distraught at discovering the are genuinely empathetic as a species. We want to kill each which is a good until your future depends on wiping out the the refugee camp there are few who wish to kill those who flee persecution or dictatorship. But it is pointless to pretend there is much support for the cause of refugees. As a group their humanity has been systematically stripped away. They are not like or your or your Rather they are seen as a collective blob composed of faceless deceitful potential rapists and murderers who will steal jobs and resources. If we believed they were like us or our we would not tolerate their mass drownings in the Twitter Fires burn in Jungle as demolition operation continues Sky News tweeted about a migrant who trying to reach through the Channel tunnel on a freight The responses were not representative of the decent they were extreme sentiments but nonetheless instructive. sorry are we meant to feel sorry for these asked one. well one less to drain economy got no sympathy for said another. made it bet was chuffed to cackled another. Others were more to the point a simple is always comforting to imagine that those who express such cruelty let alone inflict it are However these are not who make up a tiny fraction of the population. And there is a significant difference between glibly embracing a death on Twitter and killing them the truth is that much of the violence throughout our bloodstained history was not inflicted by people incapable of empathy. Atrocities were committed by people in other would help a pensioner cross the smile endearingly at a infant in a train or come to the assistance of someone never met before who was in the wars of the even murdered one another. It matter who they they were members of a group it was posed an existential threat to the own community. Western colonialism was predicated on stripping humanity away from colonial subjects. and anthropologists developed theories of being innately inferior to people of origin. Until Indigenous were regulated by the law as and they were officially like the kangaroo. public opinion would not have tolerated the avoidable famines that potentially killed tens of millions in if the public had believed were like them. It is always comforting to imagine that those who express such cruelty let alone inflict it are the enveloped a nation regarded as one of the most and cultured on Earth. Stripping away the humanity of and other was a precondition to murdering them. In the Polish town of in officially confirmed the Holocaust. must be loyal and comradely to members of our own blood and to nobody he is no systematic attempt to exterminate millions of people but hundreds of thousands have perished in killing and the describes the treatment of as genocide. Our grim history is littered with other reminders of the logical extremes of As social Professor Singer puts a capacity for empathic resonance can easily be blocked not just in psychopaths but in all of simply because we think someone was unfair or is not belonging to This is a theme that I continually return to because the corruption of shared humanity is at the heart of also provides clues about how we might respond. Political linguists have argued that the right often uses stories to make an while the left falls back on facts and statistics. But human not machines. Take the refugee crisis. at least shifted It was when a little washed up dead on a beach. All of a refugees were human beings like the kids playing football on your disabled people as Read benefit claimants have long been subjected to relentless I often recall the case of a old army veteran who had his benefits stopped because he actively seeking work. Instead he was volunteering for the Royal raising money for injured former comrades. a story that always provokes a sharp intake of mentioning the hundreds of thousands who have had their benefits stopped does not. responding to a Daily Mail story about a benefit living in luxury with the own estimate of benefit fraud that of social security spending work. The story trumps the becomes less tolerable if the victims are human beings rather than cockroaches. leads to the tolerance of suffering at to murder at worst. Restoring our shared humanity not least because powerful interests from media outlets to politicians relentlessly seek to undermine it. But it is the only hope for a troubled on on via on on on on on this content
A jury has found that brothers and were not guilty of conspiring against the a surprising end to the standoff trial that sparked national debates about public lands and the rights of ranchers in the unveiled in federal court in on is a blow to the US which had aggressively prosecuted the activists who led an armed takeover of public property to protest who orchestrated a 2 takeover of the national wildlife were acquitted on a number of serious along with five other defendants. Only a day earlier the court dismissed a juror over fears of raising concerns that the trial would drag on for are just so told the Guardian after the verdict was announced. been praying and we knew they done anything a federal officials said they accepted the decision. we are extremely disappointed in the we respect the court and the role of the jury in the judicial said special agent in charge of the in how the family sparked a new battle for the west Read public fight with the government began in 2014 when the patriarch now led an armed standoff with hundreds of supporters against law enforcement officials at his desert ranch in over his refusal to pay grazing taxes. For claimed that the US Bureau of Land Management had no authority to restrict his use of public lands by his property. The dispute and lack of prosecution galvanized activists and militia groups across the and the launched a second fight with the in 2016 in a remote part of eastern response to the imprisonment of two County who were prosecuted for and led a group of activists in an occupation of the national wildlife an obscure sanctuary for declared that he and other some who openly carried firearms and took over government buildings and would stay until the ranchers were freed and the refuge land was given to locals to tense standoff dragged on for 41 and police eventually carried out mass arrests and killed one of the in a roadside charged the brothers and 24 other defendants with conspiracy to impede officers through use of intimidation or and some also faced additional charges of firearm possession and theft of public property. Some of the defendants signed plea deals in hopes of getting shorter prison and a total of seven defendants have been on trial since Twitter Reaction after brothers found not guilty in militia defendants were acquitted on the conspiracy and firearm though the jury could not come to an agreement on a property theft offense that faces court proceedings drew packed crowds of who see the family as a symbol of the west and the fight against government as well liberal who have called for harsh prison sentences to send a message that the government will protect public lands and promote the federal prosecutors argued that the protesters organized a invasion and conspired to stop refuge workers from doing their attorney and other defense lawyers argued that the defendants were leading a peaceful demonstration and were lawfully speaking out against federal actions and policies. This is a stunning victory for rural acquitted also revealed during the court proceedings that US authorities relied on more than a dozen confidential informants during the and lawyers have raised concerns about how the government has used that information and how those individuals shaped the actions at the one of the acquitted appeared joyful outside of telling is a stunning victory for rural and an extremely humiliating defeat for a corrupt and predatory on another acquitted occupier and the last holdout at the was released from jail and greeted by a crowd of supporters and a pizza. Asked about the Standing Rock protesters in North he said that others should be encouraged by the court need to take a look at this and realize battles can be Fry said. need to stay strong and not let the federal government push them a free Fry said he might do some are more federal buildings to lawyer for defendant the first protester arrested in said the case brought attention to grievances in parts of that are often way of life is going and unless all of us here in the cities care about exactly going to he said outside of the courthouse. was a very powerful thing for individuals with he to the federal After the reportedly got into a confrontation with the when he requested his immediate release. A separate involving and two other is planned for next year in on charges stemming from the 2014 standoff. Given the pending authorities refused to release in When he allegedly ended up in a scuffle with US resulting in his arrest. Twitter one of the occupation at the County detention center in for the was released soon telling reporters that officers shocked him with a surrounded told me not to Rick another member of the legal is what this case is about. okay to say no to the federal about told the Guardian that officials had reacted poorly to the decision. feel like they are sore she said. is the matter with so The are devout and who has taken care of their eight children during her cited her faith when celebrating the decision on means that God answers that God cares about freedom. This is of Trump group pleads guilty in 2014 standoff Read supporters celebrated outside the courtroom with prayer chants of hallelujah and trumpets from a horn environmental groups criticized the saying it sent a dangerous message about public are deeply disappointed in which puts our park rangers and scientists at further risk just for doing their executive director of the Center for Western said in a statement. outcome of trial will undoubtedly embolden extremist a supporter wearing a for Prison said the court win could help promote the idea that federal agencies allowed to control public lands an argument that legal experts and courts have great a group of people still believe the constitution is the foundation of our decision could have significant implications for the where the and a group of activists still face a range of similar including charges of wife said she hoped the decision would pave the way for a clear win next year. have been oppressed long said prosecutors should end the case against in hope they realize they have anything and drop the she would just love nothing more than to come home to his babies even though he knows he has to go to militia on on via on on on on on this content
Mapping out the likely features of the it is hard to know where to start. Headlines about government support for the factory in and rising immediately after the referendum do not detract from the big the future remains and then some. We it at the start of a new era of border renewed with the prospect of rising and the exit from of other financial services. They may be modern but they are also one of the only dependable sources of tax revenue got Park is a golden opportunity to fight Read debate about what happens next is currently carved up between supporters of hard and soft just to add to all the the party saddled with a new position all of its as reconfirmed by John media appearances this in the sense that its leadership is relaxed about having only to the single but in its attitude to immigration. Even among the people who spent the late summer wondering whether the referendum might somehow be the enemy is now a not the thing noise that followed the it has dwindled to almost nothing. You would think that no one is now calling into question what of us voted listen and you can hear people wondering why the is doing this at all. This a poll suggested that if a hypothetical Stop party put up candidates at an it would get the support of of voters of those who voted leaving trailing on the poll would be on trawl recent and you quickly get a sense of the people who are with good the of people who say will be for the who think there will be negative effects on the who agree with the proposition that leaving the will reduce influence in the lot of these people would presumably agree with AC who may yet find himself in the unfamiliar position of speaking for a substantial body of public leaving the he recently obviously such an incredibly bad idea just stop many people including me that kind of talk always triggers a deep ambivalence. If what took the leave side to victory was the support of voters who had not been listened to for it still seems to me that arguing they should be ignored may not just be democratically but a gift to the forces even with apparently would know a chance when they saw and strike. Witness the tycoon who now wants to bankroll nothing less than a and give voice to In that there remains a good argument for those of us who voted remain to stand and let this frazzled example of run its while bearing in mind the immortal words of the US writer and satirist is the theory that the common people know what they and deserve to get it good and The snowballing disaster will create a groundswell of public anxiety and and yet. Whatever your it is unquestionably the case that at this the snowballing disaster will create a groundswell of public anxiety and and a big opportunity for a party willing to channel them. At the national level at this seems unlikely to be for three the number of voters who supported the inclinations of its and the general that suggests it tends to view glaring political opportunities as some kind of bourgeois trick. In which there is one obvious the Liberal they have a hell of a lot to the deep damage to their reputation done by the coalition a leader who has yet to break into the public and an almost total lack of even in their traditional redoubts. But with memories of their grim partnership with the an intersecting alliance of voters could yet be those variously worried about hard drawn to the Lib insistence on a second and in many cases opposed to leaving the per people if the government sticks to its current hard line the refuses to play may well become one big was a of this at this at last whose pretty miraculous result a swing from the to a party we all thought was dead has been rather along with trumpeting of the a clear he the Conservative plan to take out of the single happened there highlighted a hardly unique to that corner of the that was arguably always going to explode. The Conservative party faced thousands of voters who supported remain West the side won by to After weeks of telling them that whatever their it was now likely to be hard all the a lot of them like similar is likely to happen in the looming Park which Goldsmith wants to be about a third but thanks to the absence of an official candidate and an Lib may well turn out to be a contest much more focused on and leap away from thousands of his constituents. They live in a borough that voted for remain in which he will be hobbled not just by his support for the leave but the downright racist mayoral campaign that gave a sharp of the nastiness that would erupt both before and after the I would rather political divisions were based on such trifles as and the limits of the market. But these are hardly normal times. As also evidenced by a steady stream of council a proper Lib revival may only be a matter of time. Whatever the contortions of the I wonder about the leaders of our big and the first minister of and at what point they may break from their hopeless party and begin to pointedly question something that will so deeply damage the places where they hold the it gets the early stirring of a messy and the birth pangs of whose consequences on both sides of the divide could be just as seismic as on on via on on on on on this content
THE SOUND OF a number of whom have recently been trying to seize control of are in an advanced state of confusion today as they try to make sense of what they saw during West Ham v joust in the Cup. Footage and photographs across a variety of media outlets clearly show rows of valiant individuals trying to stop hordes of mostly white savages from tearing into each other and spilling rivers of blood in the stands in the name of some ancient tribal feud. And were seen to throw coins and laughable shapes as they made shows of themselves at the Dome and ruin the fun of people come to enjoy one of top 10 derbies. Of the fact that around 10,000 tickets went unsold for the game suggests that many people foresaw the outbreak of violent having picked up the clues from West previous attempts to safeguard supporters at their spacious new home. That new brand that said she and her highly respected employers want to give West Ham looking too hot right now. Perhaps there are some forms of adult entertainment they quite would subject their kids to that kind of West Ham view of crowd trouble Read Ham were a lot quicker to condemn the violence than they were to prevent it and they released a statement to say they would help the authorities take action after the event. They also pointed out that at least the stadium has good viewing equipment and they referring to the binoculars that fans bring to try to identify players on the pitch. Stadium is fitted with a state of the art system which provides footage of every area of the ground and has led to the successful identification and subsequent banning of 23 individuals already this trumpeted a club statement. those found to have acted improperly will be banned from attending any West Ham United fixtures for life and we will request the courts serve banning orders to prevent these individuals attending any other In the how many other people have been put off OF THE do we keep the dream alive in For that is It is giving clubs the chance to play against other big teams for a big prize. That prize might be entry back into chief suit reckons needs to suck it up and get with a new for wonder whether is the perfect spokesman for a new line of condoms Quote of the As anyone who played behind him at would surely he offered no protection Hodge Fiver may be surprised to learn that far from being to the east of Fiver is really about 50 miles to the west. In I reckon every town in the north is west of Fiver Towers starts somewhere around the We tend to think of the east coast as being more or less aligned but it actually veers as sharply off to the left as Weird Uncle Fiver trying to fit in at a Momentum Peter Hodge and choosing life as a Championship contender over being a Premier League As a I was almost at the point of feeling the same way. The experience of looking at the results with a mixture of excitement and expectation is without doubt better than looking at them with a mixture of dread and frustration. So much so that I was on the cusp of preferring life in the Championship to that of life in the best league in the world. that was before I saw Football on The Championship for the first time. Having to watch the highlights of a winning performance on what appears to be an media studies staffed by pundits whose only qualification for the role seems to be that they own a has killed my budding love for my new league. Say what you like about losing in the Premier at least you could watch it on a show with high production I request that The Fiver follows this Send your letters to And if nothing better to do you can also tweet The Fiver. winner of our letter day is Peter who receives a copy of Football Manager 2017 from those good people at Football Manager Towers. not out till 4 so you the lucky got plenty more copies to give so if you want keep the letters THE the journalism the stuff not normally found in this email is but supporting us If you value our please support us by making a or recurring AND getting any better for manager after he was sent to the stands during their Milk Cup exit at before being forced to stay on the south coast for an extra night after fog their flight north. the moment our out but he sighed. Twitter old got to do to get a win around Mike suits have charged with misconduct over his comments about ref before 0-0 draw at the draw for the Cup v Nasty United v West Hull City v and Arsenal v boss Mark has played down reports linking him with the job. am the manager of I would never talk about another club or another he tooted. am just amazed that it even makes the sporting director he of the tossing gum at made light of the incident when giving his counterpart a pack of Hubba after 2-1 cup win over matter is done now. If since the incident I have had an amicable relationship with he cheered. have spoken from time to time over since. been very friendly and not blown up the WANT as West Ham were starting to feel at fans let the club writes we also get the would subject their kids to that kind of Hipster St are having quite the impact far and inspiring fans in to unite and help refugees. Twitter St St Conn has been along to League One club Bury to get to the bottom of the financial has been helping do the business at the top of A. was a bit and in derby so says an oddball and more. this Classic and if your thing you can follow Big Website on Big Social AND THROWS A on on via on on on on on this content
It was probably inevitable that the backpacker tax debate would descend to a beach in a tube was our trade as wooden as his surfboard adorned with a surrounded by lifesavers and a celebrity. The scene was as sensible as the process surrounding the May 2015 decision to increase the tax on working holidaymakers from zero to the Having delivered the horror budget in the government tried to resist the urge for political in 2015. But one of the ideas that got through the stupid net was the backpacker announces cut from to Read I hasten to because backpackers pay tax. They should and we can argue about the rate. But for calm stakeholders such as agriculture and backpackers need a little the backpacker tax was dropped steaming on to the own support base when agriculture draws of its employment pool from backpackers. No one had considered it might change the supply of working holidaymakers prepared to come to the sides have been tricky in this debate so it is worth conducting a reality the 2015 the government announced that from 1 2016 holidaymakers would be treated as and taxed at from their first dollar. It was expected to raise 12 months of industry pressure which seeped into the Coalition party the government announced in the middle of the 2016 election that it would delay the start date from 1 2016 to 1 2017 to conduct a the reduced the proposed tax rate to but with a increase in the passenger movement charge and a tax on superannuation payments to working holidaymakers when they leave to analysis for the Tourism and Transport the new proposal more than covers the original it took 16 months from the 2015 surprise announcement to decide on a final compromise rate. This delay scared off backpackers and saw growers warn that fruit would be left to rot on the ground. So when blames Labor for the delay and he is speaking through his hat. Mostly. The Coalition has itself to blame. It stuck it in the 2015 budget. It farted around on a Labor has surfed off the bagging the tax while refusing to say whether it would block it in the Senate. The Greens have been upfront and said they would block in their election both the Coalition and Labor booked the savings delivered by a tax rate as if it were going to go ahead an obvious ploy to make the bottom line look the revised backpacker bills have passed the lower house and are under consideration in a Senate committee reporting on 7 This is the only delay for which can blame opposition parties and some In the growers have noticed serious downturns in applications from backpackers. Which brings us back to tube station this week. In a press release titled on the backpacker trumpeted the merits of the for working tax off the visa application the age limit from 30 to backpackers to work for the same employer for 12 provided the second six months is in a different and the theatrical marketing program which was required because the whole debacle scared so many backpackers away came at a cost of on on via on on on on on this content
The best costumes are tailored to your audience and not offensive. With options often of poor outdated and sometimes the best course of action is to make your own. But with 31 falling on time is running out. got the craft glue and the initiative not to mention recent news events provide plenty of inspiration. Let Guardian help you draw the line of good in What a terrible and spooky sight Van Read the Budgie asked the media to respect their privacy after their day at the Grand so what better precautionary measure can there be than all over is also one of the easiest and most as budgie smugglers bearing the flag are inexplicably but readily available at just though money buy the other intrinsic a robust sense of entitlement. This costume can only be carried off by a so perhaps put the word out among the Old Boys. Get yourselves shoes that double as a drinking be mindful of cultural differences and sensitivities that exist in other and have a hot right now you may get arrested assaulted by a professional down on their smashed avocado the trigger. not too avocados never get they last and last and are good for ages. Everyone knows that. This one also makes for an easy couples you go as an cover your other half in inflated balloons. a property the boomer v millennial dominate the conversation all the next and perhaps even the entire year. Just make sure the avocado and the inflated property market pictured together over the course of the evening. one or the never extra learn the new words to a song bound to feature on any worth its blue one will get it outside of See carbohydrates on north Galaxy Note that the been this entirely appropriate to reference in a it a group effort with three friends dressed as cardboard boxes and another as a postal worker starting to think he should get danger money. But do be careful highly THATS a scary costume. The Galaxy Note 7 recall belt Belle turtleneck and high ponytail might look the picture of ruddy good but this turns out to be one of those flimsy costumes that will fall apart after just about a minute of wear and tear. These failings even redeemed by the elaborate back story and you get your money in not worth the or the associated book renewable and turbines and oh nothing scarier in prepare to empty entire BOY BILL wait to dress up as a windmill for because its never a bad time to teach people about renewable energy this might be one to steer clear of if in South everyone will have had the same the failed marriage equality this has to be the most expensive option on the and anyone with any sense will point out the obvious way you could have achieved the same effect faster and more efficiently. But it is truly with the added relevance of being and Tony we get it. being the going to be an crowd. These two people are the scariest things in Not only is the spider eating the mouse obviously the scariest thing in but by assuming the form of real people with the ability to effect real policies that do real playing into the type of personality politics that let them get away with up as and in fact acts as exposure therapy distracting from the real issues. The only exception is the Republican presidential candidate. the attempt to scare the US out of a Trump trump polling at percent this nearly as scary as i thought it would found my costume gorilla died on late after being shot when a toddler fell into his enclosure in but he assumed a new life on social media and almost as prime minister of really months of good times a far longer lifespan than the average probably because of the whole thing he has found peace. Let him the Northern Territory pupil who dressed as for book ruin like this scholar of and did book week. topical and meta but you are still dressed up as High topical and historically accurate but you are still dressed up as case it go without on on via on on on on on this content
The fury subsides. The wounds heal. But as the trumpets and the drums the same squabbles live on. What do we mean to about sovereignty and to a desperate corner of Its collapsed heavy industry lies ruined in a hilly landscape. Its politics are equally socialists battling Yet politicians enjoy astonishing since the federation depends on allowing the province a veto on external treaties. Since the holds that a trade treaty with requires unanimity of its 28 veto is veto. is the mouse that wondering what this means for should read the history of dealings with the Ten years a previous deal was wrecked by not by when dairy farmers cast a veto and left the negotiators fuming. Now it is the turn of dairy farmers to call a trade deal with on brink of collapse after disarray Read deals are the lowest form of diplomatic life. The currently abortive treaty is a glutinous mess of beef investor patent term regulations and cheese definitions. The shot itself in the foot by late in the that the deal was subject to member not majority voting. lawyers find this interpretation strange to the point of suspicion. It did not apply to the climate change the may be in hock to monopoly capitalism. To it is the a horse for socialist bureaucracy and external control. To the the fiasco proves only how useless the has become. If it wants a trade deal with it should set its house in order and then come cap in hand to should shake hands with and others round the and let stew in its own so noble. I can see and Fox stomping the with in of plucky little Theirs is a coalition of the last stand against the heartless armies of the What a contrast with the leaders of and who last week traipsed to Downing pleading for mercy from May. If could stop in its what about the equally oppressed tribes of the They got a flea in the saga shows only the power of provincial lobbyists in ruling the terms of both within and outside the No one can seriously applaud the granted to the to shut out the Even in leavers and alike free trade. Their chief argument was over in and with argument at least is starting to clear. On May will be forced to concede virtually an open door to care fruit pickers and other businesses dependent on foreign It is simply not feasible to erect visa barriers round the whether along the Channel coast or around and Whatever May is unlikely to make much difference to migration statistics. Her leadership should start lowering trade in manufactured the totals at stake are but not so for the of businesses that are services and particularly affected by barriers. While the market in services remains to stay must be in interest. Everyone wants access to markets. Everyone and May that this means give and take. Give involves a surrender of control. There is no such thing as absolute sovereignty. Political is in the process of if not the voted narrowly to leave the Barring a that will plainly happen. But beyond all is pollster conjecture. posits some relationship along lines. But even if a deal with may be treated as more shows how pressure groups can damage the public interest. In transitional to World Trade tariffs would be costly to the economy on the cloud has a silver lining. Taking the heat out of banking frenzy may be no bad thing. Devaluation can ease the strain of tariffs. Pending a storm of on the Dutch on half the on car assembly ad hoc deals may be reached. But a cloud it would surely be. In the short there would be a net loss of business. Hence I cannot see how hard is in the political or economic. The virtue of the residual economic area some version of the option is that it would take out of the but leave in place a common market. Trade in goods and services would but at the price of their and that would have to be paid is in the process of if not disintegration. As bank recession and unemployment all the and especially the are not a functioning confederation but a zone of influence. has decided to distance itself from that zone. It cannot divorce itself from the economy of its entire continent. Caution and common sense advise the do not mock the Their flexing of political muscle reflects a widespread identity crisis among all the subordinate regions. From to from to Turkey to to the the greatest threat to global stability and its ally free trade is separatism. The rebellion of local peoples against centralist power is stumbles May should read the lessons of She should appease the and others by granting them status in her impending negotiations. She is a at heart. She may welcome a card in her on on via on on on on on this content
festival comes to this weekend with new and experimental jazz from across In a genre in which women are still few and far almost of the acts are female. the promoter and the founder picks five of his current female Twitter perform is a leading light of the improvised music scene in and further afield. Her band released their debut album earlier this year and are garnering great attention. She won the vocalist of the year gong at the 2016 Jazz and is very much on an upward Twitter performs Perfect first came to my attention leading her quartet. A commanding presence in any ensemble she plays her soft tone and vocal precision are always counterbalanced with heavy and assertive grooves from her interlocking with pop and groove Twitter live at the Jazz from a stint as at the jazz is one of the founding partners of with saxophonist an improvised music collective and festival. Her duo Ripsaw Catfish guitarist on the night at this festival will be and Twitter perform seems to be picking up more reviews than anybody else at the and thoroughly deserved they her skills as a trumpeter and composer are truly cemented herself as a leading figure of the jazz Twitter performs is an absolute joy to watch on stage and her band Soil Collectors is the purest representation of her theatricality and intensity. Hailing from a longstanding associate of she recently teamed up with John for the second time at the edition in Catfish play Caf on 29 Soil Collectors play the Vortex Jazz Club on the same date both as part of festival on on via on on on on on this content
were the first football club to have an official wonders White. how about an unofficial I noticed that unofficial fan has been going since so surely must be one of the first. who were the first clubs to start using social media platforms such as and footballers have played for the most teams in a single The Knowledge Read can yells thrusting his arm in the air. Town the first club to have a website or In I used to help maintain it. It was set up in 1990 by who worked at in when the web was still very much experimental. He then passed it on to who was a student at in he passed it on to as I at the a student at then took it back in and ran it until when the club finally woke up to the potential of the and got a local company called to run it There used to be some discussion with United fans about our claim to but I believe that it was decided in our for unofficial websites likely to be Hob Nob Anyone which has been knocking around since reckons Peter the distinction between and was moot in the early as most clubs that tech savvy. the Evening report on its 20th anniversary from In founder Graham Loader explains that did computing and then I found out about the and you could do email and all that stuff. I think it would get big but it got quite big quite quickly. People would contact me and say how exciting it was that they could read about Reading in places like and thinks he can go earlier. web page on the Football Club at University is This is very early in the life of the web. which was what the was introduced in of that on the watching the Islands getting thumped by last I that the annoyingly catchy chant the fans gamely kept up throughout the majority of the second half was actually the theme tune from the computer game emails there any particular reason for this choice of And are there any other examples of fans appropriating any that originated in computer games at not certain of beyond its inherent but this tune appears to be sung around the world. The theme to originated from a folk about a peddler and a girl haggling over it says here. The basic tune has popped up on football terraces in a few starting in the group for the has used the song from as one of the regular chants for notes you one of the great Section 8 could play it on his why. Despite suffering the past few seasons under a terrible the Fire do maintain a small group of dedicated who remember better times with formerly great players and are now reduced making cracks at the laughable players signed for the drinking bitter and talking about the raccoon that invaded the upper deck of the stadium during a cup game two years and has become the emblem of how far we have fallen. We laugh at as it is the only thing that keeps us the Fire fans in happier Twitter On the other side of the also an anthem for Western Twitter Back across the and side Timbers use the same tune and similar but throw in a bit of mass choreography for good Twitter Know any more or other inspired Get in column looked at getting injured running on to the pitch. But reader reminded us of the 1930 World Cup between and the the team doctor Jack Coll ran on to treat an injured dropping his bag on to the pitch as he arrived to do he emails. caused a bottle of chloroform inside the bag to leading to Coll being overcome by fumes and being carried off a last we had a section on players who have appeared for more than four clubs in a and while it trump the seven of Mark A has another nomination. played for five in the 1996-97 season. He started as at of the reasons he left I believe was because he was picking himself too played under his mate Smith at for one headed to for a few then came back down to and has a reading this I spotted a minor inaccuracy regarding John career have a vivid recollection of attending a first round FA Cup tie between and in 1997 where John featured in goal for As a old fan at the time I knew nothing about him but I remember there being a lot of fanfare surrounding the return of a club so I was convinced my memory was right. I then found this article which suggests that he did play in the match. I think the issue here is that only records league appearances so not a reliable source on whether or not a player played for a club in any competition at Surely not. Knowledge is the shortest goalkeeper to have played for a major mused three years we shall dispense with the aspect of this because there that many wee keepers to go around. Only one gets close to satisfying your and who played for Wolves during the finest period in their winning the FA Cup in 1949 and the league title in 1954. Later that year who stood tall in his played in goal when Wolves beat 3-2 in one of the that inspired the Cup. In the News footage you can see him making a double save at the end of the first leaving Wolves with just the two goals to make up in the second. second in the 78th is a Also in the late stood between the sticks for Town all of we were playing chances are respond to with if get on the been suggested that was as short as but most sources put him at either he loom large in the penalty but he more than made up for any lack of height with his fashion sense goalkeepers should be asked to design their own and athleticism. was always charging off his and even if he had committed himself going the wrong he often managed to wriggle back in to position to snaffle the ball away from the toes of attackers. have also had in measuring and known as the Rabbit for his was the Reading goalkeeper Death this the only time anyone can have been by the man who went 11 matches without conceding a goal to set a total of 1,103 minutes without picking the ball out of the back of the net. In the 1978-79 he kept 26 clean conceding in only a quarter of home matches. He much of a but he was quick off his line and a great After his debut for a 1-0 win over one report called him insignificantly built bundle of daredevil a description we think rather you the recent death of the King of it was announced that the current standings in the football leagues will stand with three rounds of games still reports means that whoever was in the relegation zone at the time were whoever was leading the league was pronounced etc. Has something like this ever happened before in any other couple of evenings ago some friends and I that the exciting new player nominative Success has only two unique consonants in his first name and surname cheers Jack friend later that also has only two. A whole series of questions flowed from none of which we got very far on. Are there any other world footballers who have only two consonants in their and who has the longest name with only two Do any have just the one And who has the fewest unique vowels in their For our discussion we disallowed footballers with only one name as that felt like current Rovers hails from County Mayo and his dad is reports he has the word as part of his surname. Are their other examples of surnames containing a word that directly connects to their nationality or that of either of their discovering that the who suffered a hiding at the hands of Arsenal the other have a name which is an anagram of I was wondering if any readers of The Knowledge could suggest any other anagrams of club Bale is the most expensive Welsh player at and is the second highest at writes must be the biggest difference in actual amounts but can any other countries boast a greater proportional difference between their first and second most expensive players fee is 5.7 times more than your questions and answers to or tweet on on via on on on on on this content
