1 link Its to call us white Trump supporters all that but when You mess with our black friends then that's another issue. Democrats need to realize that some black folks and white folks all grew up with different opportunities and school that is SO RACIST to call them its fine to call us whites that but not our black brothers and the and all other non whites. How dare the offend our black and other minority members sure some liberal will come along and say something totally ignorant like trump doesn't have and black well he over of them. the democrats didn't single out the blacks and they referred to all of us as lots of all of us that weren't equal in our financial upbringings. You I see all of us Trump supporters as 3 red white and blue. I see us all as and not trying to DIVIDE people like the democrats.
1 Statement by Gov. Bill Weld This is basically a backwards endorsement of Against that I would like to address myself to all those in the electorate who remain torn between two major party candidates whom they cannot enthusiastically support. speaking particularly to those Republicans who feel that our President should exhibit commonly accepted standards of decency and discipline. After careful observation and I have come to believe that if elected President of the United would not be able to stand up to this pressure and this criticism without becoming unhinged and unable to perform competently the duties of his office. I wonder what effect this will have on Libertarian Party members if any. I think it's unfortunate that people are feeling forced to support in order to stop Trump. Trump supporters need to take a long hard look in the mirror and realize that such a repulsive a man some voted for just for the has ensured a presidency. You didn't stand up to the establishment you sent people fleeing to it. a reply Check out the pretend If I were be ticked off. Here's part of my supposed ticket endorsing one of the least libertarian candidates ever by making a fear play. what a bunch of feces this thread is. so voting for trump standing up to the have you not watched have you not read anything from at this point completely convinced if wins this every women in will be wearing a within her presidency. the draft will make a return because we will be at war with and china. trump a politician. and at this i think thats what we need. being president mean you have to be involved in politics your whole life. president of the us should be someone who has the values of instilled in their heart. they should have first mentality. wants a increase in refugees. the same ones murdering and raping women throughout the same ones who think because a woman they can do whatever they want to them. wants amnesty and open borders... so lots more drug lords sending people over our border i want to feel safe in my own country. thats all i want. not fancy tax free more jobs. trump makes me feel safe.
Is and in the 1 link After I posted my opening post on Wants a Strong what did she my account gets wiped out. The next thing I is that the video that I used in my suddenly wont work. Has anyone else experienced this bizarre behavior Is this what we are to expect if becomes I went to the site and the video is available. I don't know what to think about this. link a reply so is almost all the major magazines are most of most of the bush's. Who is pro like drudge is pro trump without a doubt Just about every news story under news is pro and negative towards trump. If I recall correctly they even advice her campaign edit on 27 2016 by reason Is the dead link the same as the good one in the following Same No link getting the feeling that the gun as not unlike on is socialism and being the Corporations own the want this we have no have the a bunch of immigrants to join the forces to attack the freedom may think crazy but they said I was crazy when I said was a controlled at the common sense to big ball is much money at stake here thats the goal rich get more middle middle making like 1 or 2 million a be joining the your a member of the many an immigrant who lived under communist kind of sense of identity
link originally posted It looks like everyone is releasing their in including the Telegraph . Now we have admitting to voter suppression on a hidden camera. Here's the We're doing pretty well but we don't have anywhere near the funds that groups do so we really have to be surgical So we have a voter suppression campaign quite frankly targeting and and sort suburban moms just bad stuff about just trying to take their taste for her away. Female I so that they don't turn out. Yeah just keep them just try to drop her turn out two or three points Basically if they put out enough negative adds about how she hasn't supported blacks and there causes they will make it less likely they will vote for her. Realistically speaking they aren't going to republican and they know that. So the best they can hope for is make them mad enough at her not to vote. But looking at early voting they may have switched more than they thought and instead of bit voting they are voting trump see as election. Gets
9 Here refers to an approach to just governance based on equality and liberty. Within that philosophical ideology there are political ideologies ranging from to to liberalism to democratic socialism. Mutual respect beats all of separately or together. humans are by nature social beings. We live together in organized groups. call our regardless of from hamlets to and bees are social insects. live in organized and bees do not have the capacity to decide what the organization of their groups will be. We we humans have no choice but to decide how a community will be which largely determines how it will function. governance is an unavoidable issue for to be a but the case for using mutual respect for governing governance ends with maximum practical reinforced political and a economy. For the citizens of communities with those forms of social organization already in the only noticeable changes in their lives would be the elimination of and public those things plus passively helping with environmental readers uninterested in slogging through a philosophical tract can go directly to real justice ubiquitous processes of human human community will always have an economy and a political process. The economy is the process of producing and exchanging goods and services. The political process is the process of effecting choices for the community as a whole. I mean choosing among perceived alternatives and taking action to bring that choice to how the community's economy will be organized is one of the tasks for the political process. go with economic laissez is to effect a Choosing how the community's political process will be organized is itself a choice to be effected for the community as a structure and overall functioning of the political process is determined by an organizing principle. That principle can be implicit or secular or consciously derived or a matter of happenstance. For every human there is always an organizing principle at teaches us that there is a for the organizing principle of communities. That is to there is one organizing principle that will be used if no other one is chosen in its stead. In the absence of any the organizing principle of human communities will be by the most people have sought other organizing principles. The Modern era is by the attempt to use some secular conception of justice as an organizing principle for society. In doing that ideology was whose work has been hugely influential in this denied that a principle of justice was at work in his account of the development of human society but his work definitely had a moral content. there can be nothing wrong with even to the point of slavery. To apply any conception of morality to governance can be said to be an attempt at John most influential account of justice in the Modern era is that of John In Two Treatises of Government published in 1689 in he made equality and liberty the basis of justice. Every Western philosopher since him has been required to endorse or refute equality and was the topic of the first of treatises. Though the thrust of his philosophy was to make governance more secular and less dependent on religion as opposed to for him equality came from the Bible. In that treatise of his a fundamental moral equality among men is an underlying condition that must be upheld for there to be justice in the governance of a claim of moral equality can be purely but in the England of time that was no more likely than claiming equality for women was. in that time and as among so many the topic of governance left women out or treated them as second treatise he made a case for liberty as the predicate of justice. He used two accounts of liberty to make that asserted that liberty is a He did not invent the idea of Natural Rights. Like so many ideas in Western it can be traced back to the ancient It was also discussed by scholars of the medieval Catholic grants of a kind ordained by God within the the law on the hearts of by the idea of was already deeply ingrained in the people populating the in time. Natural Rights is one formulation of the idea that there are certain Rights to which all people are entitled merely by virtue of being human the said that the Natural Rights are and property. For people who believe in Natural any other form of a priori any of those Rights to be arbitrarily violated is on the face of it an other account of liberty as the predicate of justice he started by defining injustice as being to the arbitrary of another person. freedom from the arbitrary will of any other person is justice. To be free of the arbitrary will of any other person is obviously at the same time to enjoy liberty. therefore concluded with perfect logic that justice is problem left are all kinds of problems with liberty as the predicate of justice. On the face of can people running around doing whatever they want really be relied upon to result in just justice is the answer has to be that whatever results from people doing whatever they want is just. Outcomes are beside the point. To see what that would look as my good friend who is a doctor is fond of watch any episode of the show Deadwood . For my that show portrays a rather benign version of a community with unconstrained liberty as its organizing the Natural Rights of life and property trump liberty of that kind. Everyone's liberty is constrained by those Rights. liberty itself is also a Right. said that was a philosopher because every time he saw a contradiction looming he simply changed the constraints are put on liberty to achieve then those constraints become the real determiners of justice. In that outcomes do enter into the evaluation of justice. Liberty becomes one possible John among aside more philosophical complaints and the chances for violent mayhem ending in rule by the most focusing on especially begets a approach to life. It's all about my to do have are the basis of governance in the I blame that approach to governance for the incivility and the loathing to take other people into account that in my observation pervade this nation these to mutual get me wrong. I love liberty. I very much doubt anyone could love it more than I is a better to achieve liberty. That way is mutual respect. As a practical mutual respect would maximize the liberty that people can enjoy simultaneously. liberty is opposed to some hypothetical the liberty we experience in our in this context simply means taking other people into account. As an ethic it can operate on the personal in for the structure and overall functioning of the and for the political process should note that having the economy be passively governed by mutual respect would relieve it of being actively as it is at by government and a central respect has a history in Western too. It is present in the moral philosophies of both and one and in one order or the on most people's lists of Modern It is also present in that any philosophy that explicitly or a belief in human equality includes a presumption of mutual respect. Adopting mutual respect for governing governance does not depend on that or any other but a belief in equality does bring a requirement of mutual respect with to for mutual mutual respect implicit in a belief in equality is manifested in thought as equal respect for people's Natural Rights. When used a dialectical argument to make liberty the predicate of justice he was standing right in front of mutual but was facing the wrong as it that he defined injustice as being subject to the arbitrary of any other person. The opposite of being in that condition is justice. Since the opposite of being subject to the arbitrary will of anyone else is at the same time being at surmised that justice is the other there is a conclusion to be reached from starting point that is every bit as logical as the one made. this conclusion beats his because it is more it raises no and it does not result in a predicate of justice that itself must be constrained to prevent rule by the most ruthless. unlike equality per and unconstrained taking this route to justice can efficaciously achieve just governance of both the economy and the political process while maximizing most focused readers will have noticed that definition of injustice must itself be but we can leave that for another day. never seen it disputed by and Rand in their it if injustice is being subject to the arbitrary will of any other then justice requires that everyone refrain from subjecting any other person to one's own arbitrary people are doing justice is the result. No constraints on such behavior are refrain from arbitrarily subjecting other people to one's will is to take other people into account. To take other people into account is to respect them. most simply the predicate of justice is mutual I said at the beginning of this little using mutual respect to govern governance would maximize practical reinforce political and retain the definitive institutions of the economy. Applying it to the economy would allow us to eliminate and public debt while passively enhancing our chances for environmental sustainability. It would also provide a universal ethic to govern personal interactions and the conduct of all of that follows from recognizing mutual respect as the predicate of justice is not all that difficult or but it is more than can be addressed in one essay. much more is available for consideration at .
Lady Gaga took to Trump Tower early morning to protest the results of the election. The Bad Romance a stood outside Trump s building and held a sign that read Love trumps hate. As the hours passed night and it became clearer that Trump would win the Gaga In a room full of we will be heard. Stand up for and love. Nothing will stop us. Say a prayer Gaga campaigned for earlier this attending a rally where she spoke of strengths. She has a career in politics that spans decades of and wisdom. Shes ready to be she said. She kept going and she kept fighting for womens rights. She kept fighting for the care of our children. She kept fighting for those that are in victory was declared around and during his speech he praised efforts throughout the election. He said she was owed a deep debt of gratitude for all her hard work. We will get along with all other nations willing to get along with us. We will deal fairly with everyone. We will seek common partnership not he added in his speech. will no longer settle for anything less than the best. We must reclaim our destiny.
I put some of this information in an article I published yesterday morning about a larger subject. Today I have decided to isolate these segments and add more for a comprehensive piece on the subject because other relevant information has emerged. People in the think is the . They are close. She is the Whore of was born in supposedly. I looked for this information on a after noticing several clues. And sure back in someone on forum speculated that may have been the according to artist was implanted into her own womb by rocket and associate Jack Parsons during a ritual called the Working . The purpose was to birth a child to be an incarnation of what called the Scarlet Whore with the cup of blood foretold in St. Johns Revelation that rides the Beast. actually claimed that this after being taken from her was delivered to people involved in the nuclear weapons who were apparently in cahoots with and placed inside of a nuclear bomb that was tested. But the fetus she because it had been placed inside of a special canister made exactly for this purpose. For the 1945 Trinity bomb test they made a special canister called Jumbo that was supposed to to preserve the plutonium if the bomb did failed to go off. They reportedly end up using it for but it has been suggested that this is what preserved the fetus of the it grew up to be somebody. named one of his female consorts he always called his Scarlet Her name was Foster. attempt to conceive an heir as a magical child with in the spirit being attached to his back in 1909. The attachment allegedly occurred when went through the ritual for Crossing the Abyss in the 11th degree of the which involves being ritually sodomized by everyone in the group. Jack another person who had willingly subjected himself to this channeled The Book of the in where he And within seven years of this THE SCARLET WOMAN will manifest among and bring this my work to its fruition. I also believe that with her notorious cracking and possibly her rival were foretold in another document channeled by the Book of Her voice is sure as the trump to crack the house of Though walls are high and stone is hard and the rule of hell was long The gates shall fall and the irons break in the Birth of In the was a festival to the goddess in the form of a black meteorite to celebrate the resurrection of her as the legend she had been having sex with. She then became jealous of his love of castrated and let him die of bleeding reason why all of her the were and actually considered She later regretted this and caused him to be brought back to then forced everyone under her rule to celebrate by laughing and partying as commemorated in this festival. Consider this next time you notice laughing inappropriately. Also note that has made several jokes about herself being not even human and when she gets herself twisted up in her own lies. in when her interviewer at noted that she seemed to not be even though it was a hot day because has notoriously bad she asked what kind of deodorant she used. reply was astounding. You guys are the first to realize that really not even a human being. I was constructed in a garage in Alto a very long time ago I a man whose name shall remain nameless created me in his garage. Alto is the location of Jack Parsons Alma Mater.
Email The excitement over the US election is culminating as the due date is getting closer. Each candidate is trying to use any device at hand to denigrate the other and morality is the last thing to strike the minds of the candidates. The fact of the matter is that morality is a dead circle in the politics. the democratic uses in a debate watched by hundreds of millions of people around the world and finds no shame in it. Even religious leaders believe that is not competent to be the president of a religious country like United States On the other the trump has no better condition. His sexual harassments and violent ideas towards women were shocking not only for female but also for the dominant male group in The violent use of words to address different groups of mainly in social media made it hard for the parents to allow their kids to follow him. the number of women that accused Trump of groping and rape is increasing day by day and the list is running on. The video of Trump talking dirty about women and his attitude towards them leaked to the public to be the final shot on the republican but it did not have that much affect. It seems that even grabbing the women by the p y could not change their idea about Trump. All these some released by the opponent candidate and some by other sources mainly seems to have had little significance in the public orientation in choosing a candidate. This has less to do with the people than with the administration system and media empire in the United States. The fact that Trump does not talk about a for respecting democracy and exercising the law is clear as a truth. His words that I will accept the result of the election if I were chosen is more like a joke than the words of a president. What is trying to say in his tweet is that the rig is being done on a higher level than the polls or the voting system. The whole administration and political system is rigged in and the people will not choose a they are chosen to choose. This is the truth behind the weird public orientation towards election in spite of all the information released about the corruptions of the two candidates in mass media. The fact that the media and the political system are rigging the election in a latent mode is the key to the question raised about the mysteries of the election.
information and analysis from the black left. Submitted by a... on The Missing Black Movement The Black Is Back Coalition for Social Peace and Reparations will hold a National Black Political Convention on 5 and in If you go through the fundamental thing that confronted is the loss of our as a said Black Is Back chairman . The Coalition has put forward a position on the need to put at the center of Black struggles. The 19 points give us the beginning of some kind of a said It here is our view on and the subject of Black the question of police invasion and brutality in our and many other issues. The Moment of Truth for the Empire We are entering a new moment in said the scholar and Black Radical Organizing Committee activist. It is a moment of truth for the ruling for the ruling elite. What do they do when they are trumped at home forgive the pun and trumped he asked. Do they back off of do they do they become or do they up the stakes and attempt to resolve all problems with war abroad and oppression at is one of the planners of a Revolutionary Science for Radical Times in 9 and 10. Hard Times in Despite what the corporate media are telling are not starving and the Socialist Party government will not be toppled any time soon. the opposition is smelling blood due to an economic crisis that has made it very difficult for people to get access to imported and many goods are very said political science professor of author of We Created A Peoples History of the Revolution . smuggling and money speculation are serious said the strength of the Left lies in the nations grassroots organizations and communes. It would be very difficult for an opposition government to come in and attempt to throw them off their land or return property to the private he said. Happy Rev. human rights leader Rev. currently serving a 2 to 10 year sentence on election tampering turned 68 years old this month. a courtroom observer at teamed up with Sole of the Emergency Committee Against War and to throw a birthday party for in in Hes definitely in support of other doing ministry and looking forward to being out very said She reported that Green Party vice presidential candidate visited the political prisoner on 19. This was said They know how powerful Rev. is and that he has allies on the outside. Black Agenda Radio on the Progressive Radio Network is hosted by Glen Ford and A new edition of the program airs every at ET on one hour.
Consortium News The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the worlds gold standard that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The wise men of the system simply insist otherwise. We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering in Election or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent in Elections 1968 and or when the citizens judgment is overturned by judges in Election The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nations but that truth simply cannot be in such it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the democratic process is paramount. must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. Of democracy was far from excluding millions of including slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful such as counting slaves as of a person for the purpose of representation obviously slaves That unsavory deal enabled to defeat John in the pivotal national election of 1800. In the votes of Southern slave owners like counted substantially more than the votes of Northern owners. Even after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting the reality for black especially in the was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a century. Women did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to blacks. the alleged voter fraud in Election concentrated largely in a former Confederate state and home to John vice presidential running could be viewed as an outgrowth of the Souths heritage of rigging elections in favor of the War party of white Southerners. by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the and earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. Treason by the Democrats once solid South was but who was again the Republican presidential want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. feared that with the War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided President could give the Democratic Vice President a decisive boost by reaching a peace deal with North The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace campaign went behind back to persuade South President van to torpedo peace talks by refusing to attend. emissaries assured that a President would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South Though had strong evidence of what he privately called treason from wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a 1968 conference call Secretary of State Dean National Security Advisor and Defense Secretary three pillars of the Establishment expressed that with explaining the Some elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual said. It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our interests. words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of electoral system in especially at the presidential level. The people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that process. To this the major news media will not directly address the issue of treachery in despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the presidential library in In a puckish recognition of this ignored the archivists call the file on sabotage of the peace talks their see on Treason. The evidence also strongly suggests that paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his treason top secret documents that had entrusted to at the end of presidency led to creation of the a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the plumbers became public in 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the in Although the scandal remains the archetypal case of dirty the major news media never acknowledge the link between and far more egregious dirty trick four years sinking peace talks while 500,000 soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of sabotage and his promise to of a more favorable outcome the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to in 1968. The Heinous Crime Behind In gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by strange personality. even though resigned in disgrace in he and his National Security Advisor Henry who also had a hand in the peace talk reappear as secondary players in the next case of obstructing a sitting presidents foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 campaign. Surprise Caper In that President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 hostages then held in revolutionary campaign feared that Carter might pull off an Surprise by bringing home the hostages just before the election. this historical mystery has Did team take action to block Carters The testimonial and documentary evidence that team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carters Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding peace talk maneuver. That evidence indicates that campaign director organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages release before Election after apparently consulting with and and aided by former Director who was vice presidential running mate. By early the publics obsession with humiliation of the United States and Carters inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after inauguration on his supporters cited the timing to claim that the had finally relented out of fear of Bolstered by his image as a tough enacted much of his including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great Middle Class. Behind the the administration signed off on secret arms shipments to mostly through what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for cooperation in getting elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration. In summer when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East learned about the arms shipments to he checked on their origins and later in a It was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the could transship to some military equipment. seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of as the had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that time. Those early covert arms shipments to evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the with some of the profits getting recycled back to beloved Contra rebels fighting to overthrow leftist government. While many facts of the scandal were revealed by congressional and investigations in the late and early the origins of the relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go there. A congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with was entrusted with proving his own guilt. Tired of the Story By the early the mainstream news media was also tired of the complex scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from to look into the 1980 Surprise which led to a documentary on the subject in 1991. by fall just as Congress was agreeing to open an my at along with The New then an elite publication interested in protecting exposure on those early arms went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 Surprise case a but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording attendance at a conference in in which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to to meet with senior regarding the hostages. Although the bogus Republic alibi would eventually be it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the Presidents the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an investigation. State Department and White House counsels office saw their jobs as discrediting the incriminating and helping a key witness dodge a congressional subpoena. Years I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College confirming that had taken a mysterious trip to in 1980. The confirmation of trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser D. to Associate White House Counsel Chester Beach in early just as the congressional inquiry was taking shape. said that among the State Department material potentially relevant to the Surprise allegations a cable from the embassy indicating that Bill was in for purposes Beach noted in a memorandum for record dated 1991. Two days on White House counsel C. convened an strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President reelection hopes in 1992. At the Gray laid out how to thwart the Surprise which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel put it the White House goal in 1991 was to this story. Gray explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. Whatever form they ultimately the House and Senate Surprise like will involve concerns and be of special interest to the President Gray according to minutes . in Among touchstones cited by Gray were No Surprises to the White and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan. White House talking points on the Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any findings. Timid Democrats But White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received and a great deal arrived in 1992 and 1993 there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 campaign had conspired with radicals to extend the captivity of 52 in order to ensure election victory. That would have undermined the faith of the people in their democratic process and as said in the 1968 would not be good for the country. In 2014 when I sent a copy of memo regarding trip to to former Rep. Lee who had chaired the Surprise inquiry in he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task forces dismissive conclusions about the Surprise issue. The White House did not notify us that he did make the trip to told me. Should they have passed that on to They should have because they knew we were interested in that. Asked if knowledge that had traveled to might have changed the task forces dismissive Surprise said because the question of the trip was key to the task forces investigation. If the White House knew that was they certainly should have shared it with adding that you have to rely on people in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the failure. With the money and power of the presidency at the idea that Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was nave in the extreme. timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. investigative conclusion reinforced the group think dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a conspiracy theory when it was anything but. In the years done anything to change the public impression that the campaign was innocent. among the few people who have followed this the Surprise would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored and that some alibis for key Republicans make any sense . But the dismissive group think remains undisturbed as far as the major media and mainstream historians are concerned. see Stolen Narrative or Trick or The 1980 Surprise Mystery or Second Thoughts on Surprise. Past as Prologue Lee decision to clear and Bush of the 1980 Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of history. The findings had clear implications for the future as since the public impression about rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest W. in 2000. President W. Bush is introduced by his brother Gov. Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City on May 2006. House photo by if the full truth had been told about the fathers role in the Surprise and its hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican let alone made a serious run for the White House. if that history were there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush stolen election in 2000. Regarding Election the evidence is now clear that Vice President Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under law than did W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his Gov. and then on five Republican justices on the Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him electoral votes and thus the presidency. The reality of Gores rightful victory should have finally become clear in 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under law were counted. between the disputed election and the release of those the attacks had so The New The and other leading outlets did not want the people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. telling the people that fact amid the crisis would not be good for the country. senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery that the in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of were considered for the that registered on antiquated voting machines. would be counted under law which bases its standards on clear intent of the voter. instead of leading with Gores rightful the news organizations concocted around partial recounts that still would have given narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious that a historic injustice had occurred. On the day that the news organizations ran those I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gores victory. In a story that I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for the good of the much as team had done in 1968 regarding sabotage of the peace talks and inquiry had done regarding the 1980 Surprise case. Within a couple of hours of my posting the article at I received an irate phone call from The New Times media writer Felicity who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of executive editor I got the impression that Barringer had been on the for some deviant story that accept the conventional wisdom. this violation of objective and professional journalism bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the future. By misleading into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 even if the medias motivation was to maintain national unity following the attacks the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the including the diversionary invasion of under false pretenses. The headlines of 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. the details of how a full recount would have given Gore the White see Gores Victory So Bush Did Steal the White House and Bush v. Gores Dark Decade. A Phalanx of Misguided Consensus Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating there appears to be one common after the stolen the media and political establishments quickly line shoulder to to assure the people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful losers are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters will had been ignored or twisted. Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme who stopped the counting of ballots in on the as Justice that a count that showed Gore winning the Courts majority was already planning to award the White House to would undermine legitimacy. Rep. is regarded as a modern wise in because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the that ruffle too many feathers. But the cumulative effect of all these and lies uttered for the good of the country is to corrode the faith of many about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many or in this assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest. when Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against many choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Trumps complaints about rigged elections are more in line with the white Southerners during suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they succeed at stealing the election from white people. There is a racist undertone to Trumps version of a rigged democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. Hes just not honest about what those flaws are. The hard truth is that the political process is not gold it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the voters. Investigative reporter Parry broke many of the stories for The Associated Press and in the You can buy his latest Stolen either in print here or as an Amazon and
Truth Out The US corporate media never fail to report on opportunism and its atrocities in various world conflicts. Objectively actions are not that different from but tend to see their presidents as benevolent. President during a bilateral meeting with President on the opening day of the United Nations General on 2015. Mills The New There is a dangerous leader heading an irrational state who is deploying forces to he insists are fighting terrorists. His decisions have led to numerous civilian casualties and the threatening of nuclear confrontation with his nation's ideological foe. his administration has jailed journalists and silenced critics in government and since his country's intelligence services have meddled in the elections of dozens of countries and are now contemplating a on its hegemonic rival. His administration maintains alliances with corrupt juntas and religious fundamentalists while championing domestic and foreign policies that have done little to rein in the country's violent intolerant police brutality and enriching of the few at the expense of the many. His name is One could certainly be forgiven in thinking it was since his justifications for policy are strikingly similar. While the US corporate media frantically reports on actions in and it appears content with the havoc wreaked by its Peace Prize president in sundry countries across three continents. For reasons rooted in and the US mainstream media cannot refer to and his administration in the same terms used to describe Whereas The New Yorker can run a headline that and Why Has Gone War Crazy it is unfathomable to think of the US press referring to the administration's policies in similar language. In the article's appears bewildered with policies in the Middle East and especially the Ministry's announcement on 8 that it had deployed nuclear warheads to The fact that is part of writes a readiness to blow up the world in a cover a way to make a lot of noise while the goes about creating a lot of new facts on the whether in or the If this move is wouldn't actions supporting rebel groups in signature strikes in and indiscriminate bombing in be irrational as And in any state where the press was doing its wouldn't a look at US nuclear policy by sheer quantity of one that could be categorized as to blow up the and its attitudes toward weapons of mass destruction be It is unlikely that such a critical look will come anytime soon from the submissive US mainstream however. Though much has been written about clampdown and control of the corporate US media outlets are hamstrung by the monopoly that six corporations have on the of This is not to exonerate or On the is an opportunist bent on increasing his power and influence. But so is and any other US be it Trump or One can only dream that the same measures that the US press takes in detailing atrocities in could be applied to US atrocities and also in and But the US corporate media and populace seem to believe that intentions are while the United intentions are benevolent. This why US bombings of civilians in are described as whereas the aim of bombing can only be For the bombing of a convoy in that says was accompanied by terrorist elements was reported in the US press as a targeted strike against civilians. may very well target civilians. The tragedy of is The point here is not to justify actions. It is to question why the US mainstream media accept the administration's assertions that bombs are aimed at while US bombs are not. One could argue that both and the US are guilty of civilian since distinctions between terrorist and civilian are blurred in civil war. But this would challenge the notion of benevolent intentions that are at the core of those who have bothered to look into signature strikes will find that tolerance of civilian casualties is at the heart of that policy. And if a bereft of any understanding of nationalism or but in international Human Rights Law were to take a cursory look at the last 50 years of US foreign he might conclude that the US in target civilians . A cynic would claim that the truth here does not matter. It is what people believe to be the truth that reigns supreme. To this both the and mainstream media and governments are presenting a version of atrocities that aims to vilify the other. To address this dangerous I presented a paper at University in southern on examining the language the Western media use to castigate and dehumanize The Language as a How Western Journalists Portray Policy given at a conference Law. After completing my I fielded a question from a academic regarding the role of the US as a world police force. This is a common question in the former Soviet Union and is trumpeted in the press. My answer was that the US would never be a world police as it intervenes only in those areas where its vital economic interests are at stake. The main point being that the US corporate media do not accurately describe these interventions as power moves that waste large amounts of civilian life. the corporate media too often act as a public relations firm for the US repeating hollow rhetoric about democracy and the open market. The man responded that I should move to since the press also make similar hollow claims in support of Nobody would argue that does not control the and that his distorted version of the truth prevails. But one should question in a society like the distorted version too. Share This Article...
Hemp has been making a lot of noise especially with the growing awareness surrounding the use of hemp oil for treating cancer. Although the word hemp still often gets confused and lumped into the same definition as a similar but psychoactive its important to realize hemp can be a major game changer for our world if used to its potential. As we go through this you will be wondering why we use this stuff all the time.. for Simple farming hemp was banned in the US and other countries in the 1937 because of the threat it caused to certain companies and their businesses. More about that here. Although hemp has many practical uses lets focus on one that would affect us every clothing. For we will compare hemp to as cotton is a very popular resource used in clothing production. Well need to focus on various areas that have to be taken into consideration when comparing the two so we can determine not only what is better for but also what is best for our environment as its important to view things holistically. Lets do it. Water Cotton To grow cotton you require about 1400 gallons of water for every pound you intend to produce. Thats a lot of Some areas of the world that produce cotton are running out of fresh water due to the production of cotton as well as clothing. Some areas of the world have even experienced desertification as a result of producing cotton. Hemp You require about half the amount of water to produce hemp as you would if producing cotton. Hemp is a strong and reliable plant that grows very quickly. Not only hemp produces about more in the same amount of land compared to cotton. The Hemp Pesticides Cotton One of the biggest downsides to cotton is how much pesticides are used to grow the plant. Although organic cotton farming is beginning to catch on a bit the production of cotton worldwide takes up about of the worlds pesticide use. The other unfortunate factor is that these chemicals can end up being absorbed into our skin as we wear clothing. Hemp The beauty of hemp is that it requires no pesticides to grow. In it require any chemicals at all to grow. The growing nature of the plant competes with weeds and their ability to sustain themselves. This allows the hemp plant to grow freely and quickly. The Hemp Comfort Longevity Cotton Generally very comfortable to begin as you continue to wear cotton it breaks in to become even more comfortable. There is no denying how soft cotton can but it is also true that cotton break down over time and the more it is washed the faster it breaks down. Hemp The hemp used in clothing is a strong natural like gets progressively softer with each passing day you wear it and each time you wash it. Although it may not start off quite as it is still soft and certainly would not be considered uncomfortable. The plus is that the is much stronger and durable. Repeated washed will not break the down anywhere near as quickly as cotton. Creating more hemp clothing would mean we would need to produce much less clothing. The Hemp B Wicking Cotton is certainly a strong suit for cotton. It also does not hold for very much. This is quite possibly one of the biggest downsides to synthetic they dispel well and often deal with moisture well either. While cotton has a natural wicking it also holds moisture a little longer than what might be considered most desirable. Hemp Performs very well when it comes to and wicks moisture away from the body effectively. Hemp also carries properties that trump any other natural This means hemp will not mold or grow mildew very easily. Since it also does not hold hemp clothing edges out cotton slightly on this one The Almost a but hemp is our pal on this one again Aesthetics Cotton Without the use of cotton comes naturally in cream and Cotton can be dyed naturally or synthetically to achieve a desired color. The growing knowledge that cotton is very taxing on the environment and not healthy for our skin is creating quite the demand for organic cotton. In terms of the fashion organic cotton is showing up more and more. Hemp Given the various processes available to remove from the stem of a hemp hemp can be naturally creamy or brown. Without even requiring the use of hemp comes in a variety of colors. Of you are still able to dye hemp both naturally and synthetically. Hemp is quickly becoming more and more popular in the fashion market as designers see the potential in the material while being a very environmentally sound option. Since it is durable and lasts a long it can be attractive to certain designers. The Hemp Final Decision Winner by knockout and growing undisputed champion of natural This to say that especially grown is not a good it simply better all around than hemp. In some cotton could be a must use if something specific is being produced. The biggest differences are in the facts that hemp requires much less water and no pesticides to produce. Not only it boasts a lot more per acre. Concerned about excess in the Hemp is spectacular at sequestering Take the time to check out some hemp clothing around the or see if there are some local stores who sell it. Although options can sometimes be limited right look out for more hemp clothing as awareness continues to
Smoking Shock Clean Up Order White House Gave When Emails Broke Sept. St. As the first presidential debate was about to a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted on her way to a debate viewing event. Trump supporters had to face an angry leftist mob when they were leaving a Trump at the Convention Center. They were pushed and spat on. Oak a cancer was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. He was assaulted and punched so hard that he lost a tooth. West Two women assaulted activist after a Trump rally. They broke his punched him and clawed at his face. They were formally charged with assault and battery. Around West On the night of a and other Trump supporters were denied access at a popular restaurant. Other customers began throwing food and screaming at the group. During the a can of Monster energy eggs and dog feces were also thrown at demonstrators. New Jersey An assailant attacked a man wearing a The motorist inquired why was wearing the directing profanities at a police spokesman stated. The continued to walk away as motorist followed him. The motorist hit the man several times with a causing injuries to his and thighs. Las national tried to take a gun from a local police officer during a Trump rally. He was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. media had no choice but to report this Rioters assaulted Trump rally attendees as they left the event while local policed just watched. Since 14 of those attacked have filed a lawsuit against the city and Mayor demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. March At the Black Lives Matter supporter rushed the small stage when Trump was speaking. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. Before the he had had about all I can take from the violent trump going to check my people and spit on their false king. After his release from jail hours he you The attack did receive widespread media attention. March Violent demonstrators forced a cancellation of Trumps rally then celebrated shutting it which led to the arrest of four people. This is by no means a complete list. Other stories continually show that Trump supporters not supporters have been repeatedly denied targeted and chased out of and insulted by being cornered and spit on. This is idea of tolerant. Share this story on and Twitter and be sure to add your thoughts to the comments What other reports of violence toward Trump supporters have you Scroll down to comment Advertisement Popular Right Now
2016 Many downwardly mobile are confused about what happened to which explains the attraction of who offers few coherent solutions but may have a lasting impact on relations with the says By Trump most likely will not be elected President. his historic campaign has sent shock waves through the body politic. All are asking what it means and what it portends. The focus is on at home rather than abroad. Foreign policy issues have been overshadowed by anxious domestic concerns. Trump never formulated a coherent view of international issues. Like the average he simply spat out whatever thoughts passed through his head as he had caught snippets of Fox News. Any attempt to discern logic and strategy from Trumps disjointed exclamations proves frustrating. Republican presidential nominee Trump. Trumps entire campaign conveyed emotions rather than considered thoughts. It played to the publics feelings amplifying them and channeling them into a turbid or opaque brew of primitive slogans. Energy was imparted through unbridled vehemence and the showmanship of the born despot. So it is those emotions that we should look at to see what is simmering behind the formal of our democracy in action. For they will outlast the election. Therein lies their significance for possible effects on the United States relations with the rest of the world. If there is an appropriate label to stick on this fermenting it is By that we mean a rather inchoate mix of atavistic righteous religiosity and racism dressed up as patriotism. sense of grievance and pervasive feelings that the true has been sold out provide the fuel. Each of these elements has precedents in history and roots in society. They periodically have surfaced in political movements from the who in the were empowered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by and Catholic to the paranoia that accompanied the Red Scare in the aftermath of the Revolution and then reappeared with greater intensity in the form of The PIX sign reads Vote Trump on Main Street in Sleepy 2016. by Tony Todays manifestations have a larger economic component. The optimistic creed that has been the lifeblood of has been sapped by the plight of salaried workers after decades of wealth redistribution the hollowing out of the industrial the of and the emergence of a gig economy that promises only more skimpy or no and declining living standards. Rugged individualism dictates that individual persons should assume responsibility for their stoic fatalism in the face of external forces that drain all hope is quite another matter. like is Its locus shifts among Wall government and foreigners. The last most interests us here. Factors originating beyond the nations borders are prominent targets. They range from as an abstract new to companies that jobs and tax to leaders who sign away interests in trade deals to hostile governments who are cheaters. Sold Out There is more than a grain of truth in the complaints directed at all of those mentioned. The common as we quaintly used to call indeed has been sold out by the bosses economic and political. In most of that selling out has been by elites favoring other elites here at home at the expense of the general populace. Foreigners are politically more convenient though. speaking at a rally in by Gage The primary question is whether the disposition to blame external parties will manifest itself in antagonistic action. That has been the pattern elsewhere at other times. It is by no means that this logic holds in the case of the United States today. This is certainly true as regards any use of military force. Fifteen years of failed wars in the greater Middle East have drained the country of the passion for violence with which retaliated for Whether a President would expand operations in is unaffected by the publics anger over illegal immigration or biased trade agreements. A vague distaste for grasping foreigners does not eclipse aversion to expensive new adventures abroad or skepticism that they will work. As to the current condemnation of alleged machinations is more an elite led by the security than it is an expression of popular outrage. Few identify with the rebels whom is fighting or paramilitaries burning people alive in The negative view of and so assiduously cultivated by politicos and the mainstream media does not translate into a broad fear or hatred among the people. The pervasive obsession with the Red Menace that marked the Cold War remains dormant. That is even true in except for the Poles and the chooses to be rhetorically aggressive and to take the much publicized steps of building up forces around periphery. But there is little stomach for actually raising a risk of direct conflict. In policy toward and the Middle East will follow the tracks laid down by the administration with little deviation and no greater success. The Dark Side Every society has its dark and dangerous undercurrents. is laced with racism and fed by a deep pool of personal insecurities. The recrudescence of coarse the deep psychic anxieties of the white males of Middle the embrace of the frustrations of trailer park and the desperation of tormented Evangelicals torn over the question of whether a prospective nuclear is a sign that the End Days are approaching or a serious on the road to Rapture these elements are creating an emotional maelstrom that has found an odd idol in the buffoonish persona of Trump. Afghan children await school supplies from Allied forces at School in navy photo by Master Petty Officer The longer it the more attached Trump himself becomes to the of writing his name on the wind forever and the more his followers see themselves affirmed and exalted. we have to come to terms with the dismaying truth that public in individuals and in is only exceptionally the outcome of an informed and thoughtful process of deliberation. It is the rationalist myth that we are by nature thinking creatures inclined to viewing the world around us in an emotionally mature manner. very few persons approximate that model. Inherited prejudices and private the attraction or repulsion of personality all of these elements come into play to considerable degree. In todays society where attachments of all sorts are weak and where political parties have little where associational life has where we are exposed to the barrage of media imagery and the rationalist model has become less and less valid. Most of us are shaped by influences that we only dimly perceive whether calculated intent lies behind them or not. Immigration Hot Button it is immigration that has become the hot button issue involving other countries. Passions are aroused by two the presence of millions of illegals from and Central and the prospect of terrorists entering the United States masquerading as refugees. women and children refugees at railway station. from The two merge at the most primitive level of emotions. they deepen worries that the world is spinning out of control in ways that call into question the country the many people know imagine they Projections of rapidly increasing which threaten to overwhelm school districts and voter ruffle the feathers of many Middle Alarm that welfare and other social problems are siphoning off much needed public moneys in the age of austerity add a tangible economic element to these anxieties. Could this lead to implementation of the sorts of draconian ethnic cleansing programs advocated by Unlikely despite his ability to insert them into mainstream discourse about the problem. It is easy to exaggerate the extent and the intensity of feelings. Most encounter little of it in their daily lives. Those who do in places like or pretty much take it as a something that should be dealt with but not a matter requiring urgent action. is different. Thats where the extreme Rightists the Republican politicos whom they have intimidated into make most of the noise. Foreign observers should note that the situation in the is very different from that in Western Not only is the United States a very big country where relatively large populations can get lost equally social space is not as tightly configured. Outside of small there is little sense of traditional community to be protected. trumps all as the successful integration of waves of immigrants throughout the history has demonstrated. While do present some unusual complications South or East visceral concerns about a denaturing of culture and society are relatively weak. 25 percent of baseball players in the professional leagues are most from the politics of immigration policy reform has not changed. The policies and unresolved dispute over what to do next will remain in their present indeterminate state. The Terrorism Scare The link is a far more passionate matter. It taps the terrorism psychosis that has gripped the country since The graphic outbreak of mass shootings over the past year has rekindled feverish emotions. The fact that the Jersey perpetrators had some vague connection with groups in the Middle East has given these events a transnational dimension. It seem to matter that were citizens or had grown up in the terrorists prepare to execute a wounded policeman after their attack on the offices of magazine on 2015. Logically a detached observer could infer that restrictive immigration from the or of generally would have no bearing on the level of terrorist threat. But facts in the age of Trump have lost much of their purchase on the mind. One fact that is incontrovertible is that politicians run scared on all matters that are related to terrorism however oblique. The of President on accepting any significant number of refugees is exhibit number one. Hostility toward generally is on the rise as witness the spike in abusive incidents in recent months. They now are occurring at a higher rate than they did in the wake of By public authorities at all levels are less inclined to pursue surveillance and detention policies that skirt the law compared to that earlier period. The net effect will be a deepening perception around the world that the United States is hostile toward That is grist for the mill of the and opportunistic politicians. While it seems unlikely that signs of in society will affect the thinking and actions of government they very well could register in the communities from which suicide bombers and terrorists are drawn in especially and among certain unbalanced individuals in the United States itself. That cycle thereby gains velocity. What about the economic It is there that one might reasonably expect the preoccupations of the presidential campaign to affect the policy of a new administration. Economic nationalism follows naturally from aroused popular discontents that finger the forces of as a prime cause of the economic plight in which tens of millions of find themselves. That is to one might anticipate that officials will take a more searching look at the impact of the accelerating integration of the world economy whose promotion has been a centerpiece of foreign policy since the early as actively and optimistically promoted by husband. The process has tremendous momentum institutional such entities as the International Monetary Fund and the World political and intellectual. Economic academic and has been totally dominated by the twin market fundamentalist concepts of General Market Equilibrium Theory and benign A Bow to Inequality While it has become trendy for all and sundry to make a ceremonial bow to the inequality it is hard to see the momentum of this juggernaut being blocked by disorganized displays of populism. Former Treasury Secretary Summers. Former Treasury Secretary who served under President Bill personifies this state of affairs. One of the architects and master builders of the unregulated transnational economy who fought ruthlessly to bail out Wall Street at the expense of Main Street after the 2008 he now punctuates his innumerable public appearances with warnings that we should pay attention to the inequality dilemma. This homily is not a prelude to any action. it is akin to the Mafia don who devoutly crosses himself every time that his limousine crosses the path of a religious procession on a Saints Day. That is the outlook in the United States under The one exception might by the and trade treaties with Both were crafted by elites imbued by the optimistic both were kept secret except for the financial and commercial interests who were participants in their and both go far beyond traditional trade matters. The in represents a radical transference of power from national governments to private parties institutionalized in expert panels heavily biased toward the latter. many of its provisions may be unconstitutional as a Supreme Court could rule. That recondite aspect of did not get an airing during the campaign. the tying of the treaty to the damaging effects of trade treaties forced even its supporters to equivocate. had been an enthusiastic backer until Sanders and Trump began to reap political hay by condemning it. She now declares that is acceptable only if significant new conditions are met. What will be her ultimate She may be spared that agonizing decision were able to push a session of the Senate to ratify it. it may just be the one and only piece of foreign relations that changes as a result of the election campaign. Continuity is likely to prevail elsewhere. overall will remain the moralizing and largely ignorant citizens they have been. That leaves plenty of space for a establishment driven by a powerful inertia to add to its long string of mishaps. is a professor of international affairs at the University of
2016 Special Trump claims the presidential election is drawing condemnation from the establishment which accuses him of undermining faith in democracy. But neither side understands the real says Parry. By Parry We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering in Election or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent in Elections 1968 and or when the citizens judgment is overturned by judges in Election Presidents Bush and photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. from a White House photo that also included Presidents Ford and Jimmy in such it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the democratic process is paramount. must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been violated. The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nations but that truth simply cannot be recognized. by the Democrats once solid South was but who was again the Republican presidential want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. feared that with the War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided President could give the Democratic Vice President a decisive boost by reaching a peace deal with North President with his Security Advisor Henry in 1972. Though had strong evidence of what he privately called treason from wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a 1968 conference call Secretary of State Dean National Security Advisor and Defense Secretary three pillars of the Establishment expressed that with explaining the The evidence also strongly suggests that paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his treason top secret documents that had entrusted to at the end of presidency led to creation of the a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the plumbers became public in 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the in National Security Adviser shows President a model of a battle near in Archive In that President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 hostages then held in revolutionary campaign feared that Carter might pull off an Surprise by bringing home the hostages just before the election. this historical mystery has Did team take action to block Carters President delivering his Inaugural Address on as the 52 hostages in are simultaneously released. Behind the the administration signed off on secret arms shipments to mostly through what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for cooperation in getting elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his inauguration. President Bush with Director at the White House on 1981. By the early the mainstream news media was also tired of the complex scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from to look into the 1980 Surprise which led to a documentary on the subject in 1991. The Election Held by Parry and Two days on White House counsel C. convened an strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President reelection hopes in 1992. C. White House counsel under President Bush. But White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received and a great deal arrived in 1992 and 1993 there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 campaign had conspired with radicals to extend the captivity of 52 in order to ensure election victory. Former Rep. Lee Lee decision to clear and Bush of the 1980 Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of history. The findings had clear implications for the future as since the public impression about rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest W. in 2000. President W. Bush is introduced by his brother Gov. Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City on May 2006. House photo by if the full truth had been told about the fathers role in the Surprise and its hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican let alone made a serious run for the White House. if that history were there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush stolen election in 2000. instead of leading with Gores rightful the news organizations concocted around partial recounts that still would have given narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious that a historic injustice had occurred. Former Vice President Gore. By misleading into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 even if the medias motivation was to maintain national unity following the attacks the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the including the diversionary invasion of under false pretenses. The headlines of 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. the details of how a full recount would have given Gore the White see s Gores Victory So Bush Did Steal the White House and Bush v. Gores Dark Decade. Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating there appears to be one common after the stolen the media and political establishments quickly line shoulder to to assure the people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful losers are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters will had been ignored or twisted. Supreme Court Justice But the cumulative effect of all these and lies uttered for the good of the country is to corrode the faith of many about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many or in this assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the forest. when Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against many choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late Republican presidential nominee Trump. Investigative reporter Parry broke many of the stories for The Associated Press and in the You can buy his latest Stolen either in print here or as an Amazon and
2016 Republicans are claiming a mandate to speak for the silent but the actual numbers show that not only did Trump fail to win a his vote total largely matched other recent notes J S By J S Within days of the general central elements of the result have already entered into the revenge of the white working class the unprecedented character of the the populist revolution that led to Trumps and the years in the wilderness now facing Democrats and progressives in But the endless repetition of these themes by the corporate media deserves a great deal more skepticism and scrutiny before they worm their way into all our heads to form the established and accepted narrative of this election. Lets first review some basic facts about what happened on Trump at the 2016 Republican National Convention. Grant Who Voted Though Trump prevailed in the Electoral he failed to secure a plurality of the total ballots getting a bit over 60 million votes to 61 million according to The Associated Press tally . only 55.6 percent of 219 million eligible or 50.4 percent of the population actually placing the 33rd out of 35 advanced countries in national voter turnout above only and Only 27 percent of eligible voters or 24 percent of the population voted for Trump. Roughly the same about 60 voted for both John in 2008 and Mitt in 2012. The result was different because received 69 million votes in 2008 and 66 million in while could only muster only a shade more than and As Sen. Sanders repeated in every stump speech during the Democratic Let us never Democrats and progressives win when voter turnout is high. Republicans win when people are demoralized and voter turnout is low. Trump deserves credit for finding a few new Republican voters to replace those who have died in the past and for a successful strategy to gain votes in the right states to win the Electoral College. But the more decisive difference with 2008 and 2012 was the dramatic failure of the Democratic to turn out the vote. This was or maybe even because unprecedented money and overwhelming support from business and media elites. Democratic Hopes If the Democrats hope to do better in future they must confront this reality. Grassroots Democrats should insist that party leaders finally abandon the long obsolete Democratic Leadership Council model of politics based on corporate welfare and and welcome the kind of progressive leadership that inspired 47 percent of Democratic primary voters to vote for Senator Sanders. Sen. Sanders speaking to one of his large crowds of supporters. Sanders This was all the more significant and impressive in the context of party leaders monolithic support for and their shameful campaign to stage a coronation instead of organizing a free and fair primary election. We will find out more about who actually voted for but the pollster Silver already exposed The Myth of Trumps Working Class Support in a article on May 3. Silvers article analyzed a survey of the average household income of people who voted in the 23 primaries up to that point. The average or Sanders primary voter had a household income of while the average Trump voter earned about the same as supporters but less than The 70 percent of eligible voters who did not vote in either primary had an average household income of In broad this tracks the traditional pattern of with wealthier leaning the favoring Democrats and few of the poor and immigrants who make up much of the real voting at all. These figures were for primary but they suggest that Trumps supporters like and so on. The Republican Party has continually itself over the past 50 generating great fanfares from deferential or captive corporate media for the Silent the the Moral the the Contract With the Tea Party and now Trumps but behind these Republican voters remain roughly the same people or class of people. the father of modern propaganda and would approve their public What is Trumps Despite contradictory pronouncements on many Trumps published plan for his first 100 days in office contained more policy details than campaign web which followed the model of appealing to principles most believe in without pinning the candidate down to anything detailed enough for most voters to disagree with. In this includes voluminous treatises on a wide array of but the blizzard of words was short on actual policy leaving the formerly presumptive president plenty of room to do whatever she and her corporate and colleagues really planned to do after the coronation. As one of the few things staff and financiers were clear on was the necessarily wide gap between her public and private positions . Fare On the other Trumps plan for his first 100 days in office includes more specifics and for the most a pretty standard of policies the Republican Party has backed for decades. That still leaves plenty of room for smoke and President in the Oval Office. On Trumps first day in he plans to cancel every unconstitutional memorandum and order issued by President to cancel federal funding to cities that provide sanctuary to undocumented to begin deporting 2 million undocumented immigrants with criminal records expanding that group from the 178,000 counted in a 2010 Congressional report before mass deportations reduced it still to stop issuing visas to people in countries that wont accept unlimited numbers of to suspend immigration from and to begin work on selecting a new Supreme Court justice. The legislative portion of Trumps agenda starts with massive tax including an 15 percent corporate tax which drops to 10 percent for repatriated offshore earnings to reward the outsourcing he condemned on the campaign trail. This is balanced politically by a vague promise of unspecified new tariffs to penalize future outsourcing. The Energy and Infrastructure Act will declare open season on the environment and the stimulating energy infrastructure projects like the Keystone pipeline with tax cuts and corporate and ending payments to the climate fund. A national school voucher program will expand the privatization of public while Trump also pays lip service to local reducing college tuition and ending common core. Trump wants to repeal and replace it with a new program based on health savings along with similar programs for childcare and elder states will be allowed to make unprecedented cuts in and he wants the Food and Drug Administration to speed up approvals for 4,000 new drugs. As well as funding Trumps wall on the new draconian immigration laws will impose mandatory and federal prison sentences on previously deported immigrants who try to reenter the New national security and community safety laws will blast military spending past War II record and throw more money at local police to combat imaginary increases in drugs and violence at home. Liberal state marijuana laws may be trumped by this new national stop and frisk program. Trump wants term limits in Congress to get rid of popular progressive legislators like John and He also wants a federal civilian hiring freeze and sweeping deregulation under which any new federal regulation must be offset by canceling two existing regulations. Controlling the Levers The most critical factor in the Republicans power is that they now control the White House and both houses of as they did from 2003 to 2006 and for a shorter spell in 1953-54. This does not usually end well for them. The last time the Republicans held full control of the government for more than 4 years was in the and that ended even worse. President W. Bush speaks on the phone in the Oval with Prime Minister Brown of the United discussing efforts to solve the spreading global financial crisis. House photo by If the Republicans exploit the support of 24 percent of not even a plurality of those who voted to ram through their extreme they will deserve to be slung out on their ears in 2018 and as they were in 2006 and 2008. If Democrats can force their corrupt leaders to quickly hand over power to new progressive leadership who will represent the other 76 percent of this should not be a tall order. In the progressives can contain the damage by countering every part of the Republicans corrupt agenda with intelligent progressive proposals for real solutions to the serious problems facing our country and the world and building a popular movement around them. This will all be a real test for the but it is one they have brought on and the radical required is what progressives have been demanding of the Democratic Party for a long time. J S is the author of Blood On Our the Invasion and Destruction of . He also wrote the chapters on at War in Grading the 44th a Report Card on First Term as a Progressive Leader . He has also served as a local chapter leader and national team leader on war and peace issues for Progressive Democrats of .
in World by 2016 the charade is over. Trump is now the President of the United States of What does that It means that prediction came So now you know who to refer to for accurate predictions about the future. Goodbye Tarot et In 1995 I recall reading a survey which concluded that was not likely to be ready for a woman president for the next twenty years. years it looks like that prediction was true. Given that women in to this day are paid of what men are it is not surprising that find it tough to visualize a woman in the White House in any place other than the Presidents bed. what does Trump mean for for for for in and I am asking this rhetorical question as I see all kinds of doomsday predictions flying around. I apologize for taking a different view. I see the Trump presidency as an opportunity for those who believe in the opposite of everything that Trump promoted in his campaign to put their actions where their mouths are and show that they are as willing to stand up for what they believe in as he was. What does Trump mean for I hope he will be the best thing that happened to ever. I hope that he can truly make Great Again. I say that because though I am not I Thank I am one who believes that a truly Great can make this world great. The world truly needs to change. We need someone to lead the way to make the world fighting against corruption and disease and ignorance. Which nation is better suited to lead that has the the the education and the leadership ability which I hope it chooses to exercise. Trump won on the platform. I support that fully. The establishment has shown that what it can do is to fail spectacularly. The economy crashed and rewarded those who crashed it. People were and are homeless when there are empty homes on foreclosed loans enough for every to have two not only one. Yet they are on the streets. I hope Trump can put back in their own homes. Bush father and started never ending wars. continued them adding his own flavor to it of drone strikes using technology to create bug splats arrogance is thereby escalating the global threat level that comes from driving people to desperation. dabbling else to call in Middle Eastern politics resulted in continuing the misery for people of and and new misery for people of and by inference for the rest of the world. And to top it all came into being because of all of the above. The credit can be shared by all of them. Trump standing against the establishment means that he is against all of this. I sincerely hope so. All the jingoism that he rode on will get tempered when it comes to facing reality. It is easy to talk about kicking out the and so on. But the day he does reality will dawn on him and his cohorts like it did on those who voted that the rich need the poor to survive while the poor need the rich. When nice white get to pay per they will realize the value of cheap labor. Meanwhile some contractor will get the contract to build the which he will do from the no doubt as otherwise his margin will not make it worthwhile. So the wonderful idea to outlaw the visa. I think it will take very long for Trump and his gang to realize that there is a reason there are blond jokes. And that are not blond. Go figure that. The good news is that Trump made public what was private misogyny in a country that never stops trumpeting about womens support for wars and weapons the evils of unbridled conversations which indicate attitudes have all come out of the closet and Now it is up to those who like to say that they believe in the opposite of all these to get off their backsides and bring about change. They can no longer live the lives of pretense and lies that they had become used It is not happening here. Trump proved that it is happening and has trumpeted it from the top of Trump tower. Sorry for so much bad punning in one breath. But there you go. As for and believe me Trump is far better than what have seen in the past. He is far better than what we have today. Take the Oily royals who are personal friends of every weapons the leadership and I can think of several more and Trump begins to look like a choir boy. What will he do that is not already Frankly I know and care to speculate because the prime movers behind affairs and how they are themselves. Our leadership or more correctly its spectacular failure. Ordinary citizens pay the but whats new about The fact remains that until we sort that out and do something about taking charge of our we must remain satisfied with others writing the script we are compelled to live by. Play endings depend on the not on the players. is a classic example where a minority of 200 million is kicked around like a football and used at will by every mercenary politician for his own ends. But seem to be satisfied with so who is anyone else to complain. If you disagree and tell me that they are not then I must ask you what it is that prevents them from doing what is glaringly get their act change their leaders and write their own script. 200 million is not a minority. It is a nation. But only if it chooses to be. Same story for globally. No point in blaming Trump or looking up to him to find solutions. It is our problem and we must solve so let us start doing that. Two other what about global warming and such when you have a nation that lives on perpetual warfare and is supported in that by all the other major industrial nations who either manufacture and sell weapons or buy how can you pin it all on If weapons are made and there will be wars. Wars will happen if they continue to make profits for those who run them. That people die is incidental. Those at the top who laugh all the way to the Those that count. They are who are necessary to prove the efficacy of the weapons that were used to vaporize them. If it for the bugs who how would you assess the drones or their The fact that the bugs were innocent or that they had families and so bugs are bugs. And thats all that there is to it. Global decided on that when it chose Bush instead of Gore. For a minute I thought that was because they got confused because his name is Gore like But then I realized that it was because he had a terminal he had a brain. See his famous An Inconvenient and you will see what I mean. If you do nothing buy this and see it. At least you will know why you died. Since you chose especially I believe it is only fair that you understand what you did. With that came out in the so get used to summer all year long. You wont need to go to the for a tan. You can get it at home. That is not inconvenient. Add to this the effect refugee changing security nightmares coming widening gap between the rich and the global poverty and preventable disease which is not prevented because theres no profit in it when I think about all this and Trumps comes to mind. Renewing our link with tradition. Let us dance to the tune. Whats the use of fiddling Final question that everyone is How safe is it to have someone like Trump with his finger on the nuclear My answer The one who actually pressed that button was as different from Trump as could be. Yet he did it. Let me leave you to figure out the rest. Meanwhile it is midnight where I far away from Trump and and time to go to bed. Truly it is said that there is solace in sleep. good world. Sleep well. As long as you stay asleep you can escape responsibility. is based in and is the founder and President of an international leadership consulting organization. He can be reached at Share
West is feeling more and more like an irrational maze. The banks are mad. The austerity too. But the hysteria is the final straw. Its not just its and Its the end result of What began as irony is now systematic is upside down. Or maybe at last its the right side up. Maybe the West to begin with never was the Free World. that the whole point of Modernism was self criticism. Modernism was critical of the West. And then along came And the West suddenly was off the hook. The West wearing the clothes of went on the attack end result is that anything goes as long as the West wins. Forget the truth. Forget the facts. And forget history. Everything apparently is fiction. The West can say what it wants because everything is interpretation. Thats the beauty of You can contradict yourself a million times and laugh it all off. As long as the power. And thats the key power. Because was from the word go a political project. One that was made in the West for the end result is hatred for And love for Because attempted to the world. It attempted to apply reason to the 21st century. And so the irrational West had to punish it. Listen to in 2007 when he spoke in what is a unipolar However one might embellish this at the end of the day it refers to one type of namely one of one of one of is world in which there is one one sovereign. And at the end of the day this is pernicious not only for all those within this but also for the sovereign itself because it destroys itself from this certainly has nothing in common with democracy. as you democracy is the power of the majority in light of the interests and opinions of the we are constantly being taught about democracy. But for some reason those who teach us do not want to learn consider that the unipolar model is not only unacceptable but also impossible in todays world. And this is not only because if there was individual leadership in todays and precisely in todays then the political and economic resources would not suffice. What is even more important is that the model itself is flawed because at its basis there is and can be no moral foundations for modern listen to him in New in 2015 when he spoke in the General and so the export of this time of democratic continues. It would suffice to look at the situation in the Middle East and North as has been mentioned by previous speakers. Certainly political and social problems in this region have been piling up for a long and people there wish for changes how did it actually turn Rather than bringing about an aggressive foreign interference has resulted in a brazen destruction of national institutions and the lifestyle itself. Instead of the triumph of democracy and we got poverty and social disaster. Nobody cares a bit about human including the right to cannot help asking those who have caused the do you realize now what you hear the plea for Did you hear the cry for Did you hear the demand for moral foundations for universal values for international Did you hear the of national sovereignty and the of the The West In these two key speeches 07 and New the West only heard a threat to its Wests reply to rationalism was and continues to be Media Presidential paranoia and insanity is the Wests response to the truth. And the truth is no secret. But the West just shrugs its shoulders and laughs it all off. The truth is Western the unipolar full spectrum hybrid special the fundamentalism and In hit the nail on the the West hit back. Because the West cant defend itself rationally. There is no good reason for all the wealth found in the West. So there can only be a bad imperial power. And modernism proved beyond doubt that it was bad. However as this power was rolled back in modern times as the victims of Empire succeeded in liberating themselves postmodern times came to the rescue of the West. In the West found its champion. The will to power was the Wests trump card. And with blessing it played all that mattered was power. And whoever had it needed no justification or reason. Truth was a lie. And morality was only for the weak. However if this intellectual climate only emerged and became hegemonic in the late of and it of course was ever present behind the scenes in the dark corners of Western imperialism. For leading strategist after World War F. famously put it into words in Memo have about of the worlds wealth but only of its population real task in the coming period is to devise a pattern of which will permit us to maintain this position of disparity. To do so we will have to dispense with all sentimentality should cease to talk about vague objectives such as human the raising of living and The day is not far off when we are going to have to deal in straight power concepts. The less we are hampered by idealistic the could not have said it better himself. The question is has this elite Western approach to the world changed since wrote Memo No it has only become more crass. As a result this is what is up against today. But we seen this in another guise attacked Have not the forces of invaded And did not for our benefit defeat those forces of We still owe lets support it today it by burying And by resurrecting universal reason and all the ideals which are built upon it. Give modern secular life another chance. Not just in but in the West too. is a hospital worker in
Email Artwork from book cover at War with Itself Trump most likely will not be elected President. his historic campaign has sent shock waves through the body politic. All are asking what it means and what it portends. The focus is on at home rather than abroad. Foreign policy issues have been overshadowed by anxious domestic concerns. Trump never formulated a coherent view of international issues. Like the average he simply spat out whatever thoughts passed through his head as he had caught snippets of Fox news. Any attempt to discern logic and strategy from Trumps disjointed exclamations proves frustrating. Trumps entire campaign conveyed emotions rather than considered thoughts. It played to the publics feelings amplifying them and channeling them into a turbid brew of primitive slogans. Energy was imparted through unbridled vehemence and the showmanship of the born despot. So it is those emotions that we should look at to see what is simmering behind the formal of our democracy in action. For they will outlast the election. Therein lies their significance for possible effects on the United States relations with the rest of the world. If there is an appropriate label to stick on this fermenting it is By that we mean a rather inchoate mix of atavistic righteous religiosity and racism dressed up as patriotism. sense of grievance and pervasive feelings that the true has been sold out provide the fuel. Each of these elements has precedents in history and roots in society. They periodically have surfaced in political movements from the who in the were empowered by popular fears that the country was being overwhelmed by and Catholic to the paranoia that accompanied the Red Scare in the aftermath of the Revolution and then reappeared with greater intensity in the form of Todays manifestations have a larger economic component. The plight of salaried workers after decades of wealth redistribution the hollowing out of the industrial the of and the emergence of a gig economy that promises only more skimpy or no and declining living standards have eroded the optimistic creed that has been the lifeblood of Rugged individualism dictates that individual persons should assume responsibility for their stoic fatalism in the face of external forces that drain all hope is quite another matter. like is Its locus shifts among Wall Government and foreigners. The last most interests us here. Factors originating beyond the nations borders are prominent targets. They range from as an abstract new reality to companies that jobs and tax liabilities to leaders who sign away interests in trade deals to hostile governments who are cheaters. There is more than a grain of truth in the complaints directed at all of those mentioned. The common as we quaintly used to call indeed has been sold out by the bosses economic and political. In most of that selling out has been by elites favoring other elites here at home at the expense of the general populace. Foreigners are politically more convenient though. The primary question is whether the disposition to blame external parties will manifest itself in antagonistic action. That has been the pattern elsewhere at other times. It is by no means that this logic holds in the case of the United States today. This is certainly true as regards any use of military force. Fifteen years of failed wars in the greater Middle East have drained the country of the passion for violence with which we retaliated for Whether a President will expand operations in is unaffected by what the publics anger over illegal immigration or biased trade agreements. A vague distaste for grasping foreigners does not eclipse aversion to expensive new adventures abroad or skepticism that they will work. As to the current high decibel condemnation of alleged machinations is more an elite led by the security than it is an expression of popular outrage. Few identify with the rebels whom is fighting or burning people alive in The negative view of and so assiduously cultivated by politicos and the does not translate into fear or hatred. The pervasive obsession with the Red Menace that marked the Cold War remains dormant. That is even true in except for the Poles and the Although that state of sentiment allows to be rhetorically and to take the much publicized steps of building up forces around periphery. any action that is seen as actually raising a risk of direct conflict will be rejected. Conclusion policy toward and the Middle East will follow the tracks laid down by the administration with little deviation and no greater success. It is immigration that has been the hot button issue involving other countries. Passions are aroused by two the presence of millions of illegals from and Central and the prospect of terrorists entering the United States masquerading as refugees. The two merge at the most primitive level of emotions. they deepen worries that the world is spinning out of control in ways that call into question the country they know imagine they Projections of rapidly increasing populations which threaten to overwhelm school districts and voter rolls ruffle the feathers of many Middle Alarm that welfare and other social problems are siphoning off much needed public moneys in the age of austerity add a tangible economic element to these anxieties. Could this lead to implementation of the sorts of draconian ethnic cleansing programs advocated by Unlikely despite his ability to insert them into mainstream discourse about the problem. It is easy to exaggerate the extent and the intensity of feelings. Most encounter little of it in their daily lives. Those who do in places like or pretty much take it as a something that should be dealt with but not a matter requiring urgent action. is different. Its the extreme Rightists and the Republican politicos whom they have intimidated into obedience who make most of the noise. Foreign observers should note that the situation here is very different from that in Western Not only is the United States a very big country where relatively large populations can get lost equally social space is not as tightly configured. Outside of small there is little sense of traditional community to be protected. trumps all as the successful integration of waves of immigrants throughout the history has demonstrated. While do present some unusual complications South or East visceral concerns about a denaturing of culture and society are relatively weak. of all baseball players in the professional leagues are most from Conclusion the politics of immigration policy reform has not changed. the policies and unresolved dispute over what to do next will remain in their present indeterminate state. The link is a far more passionate matter. It taps the terrorism psychosis that has gripped the country since The graphic outbreak of mass violence over the past year has rekindled feverish emotions. The fact that the perpetrators had some vague connection with groups in the Middle East has given these events a transnational dimension. In all of the were citizens or had grown up in the US. Logically a detached observer could infer that restrictive immigration from the region or of generally would have no bearing on the level of terrorist threat. Facts in the age of Trump have lost much of their purchase on the though. What about the economic It is there that one might reasonably expect the preoccupations of the presidential campaign to affect the policy of a new administration. Economic nationalism follows naturally from aroused popular discontents that finger the forces of as a prime cause of the economic plight in which tens of millions of find themselves. That is to one might anticipate that officials will take a more searching look at the impact of the accelerating integration of the world economy whose promotion has been a centerpiece of foreign policy since the early as actively and optimistically promoted by husband. The process has tremendous momentum institutional the World and political and intellectual. Economic academic and has been totally dominated by the twin market fundamentalist concepts of General Market Equilibrium Theory and benign While it has become trendy for all and sundry to make a ceremonial bow to the inequality it is hard to see the momentum of this juggernaut being blocked by disorganized displays of populism. Summers personifies this state of affairs. One of the architects and master builders of the unregulated transnational economy who fought ruthlessly to bail out Wall at the expense of Main Street under he now punctuates his innumerable public appearances with warnings that we should attention to inequality dilemma. This homily is not a prelude to any action. it is akin to the Mafia don who devoutly crosses himself every time that his limousine crosses the path of a religious procession on a Saints Day. That is the outlook in the United States under The one exception might by the and treaties. Both were crafted by elites imbued by the optimistic both were kept secret except for the financial and commercial interests who were participants in their and both go far beyond traditional trade matters. The in represents a radical transference of power from national governments to private parties institutionalized in expert panels heavily biased toward the latter. many of its provisions may be unconstitutional as a Supreme Court could rule. That recondite aspect of did not get an airing during the campaign. the tying of the treaty to the damaging effects of trade treaties forced even its supporters to equivocate. had been an enthusiastic backer until Sanders and Trump began to reap political hay by condemning it. She now declares that is acceptable only if significant new conditions are met. Continuity will prevail elsewhere. overall will remain the moralizing and largely ignorant citizens they have been. That leaves plenty of space for a foreign policy Establishment driven by a powerful inertia to add to its long string of mishaps. Every society has its dark and dangerous undercurrents. is laced with racism and fed by a deep pool of personal insecurities. The recrudescence of coarse the deep psychic anxieties of the white males of Middle the embrace of the frustrations of trailer park and the desperation of tormented Evangelicals torn over the question of whether a prospective nuclear is a sign that the End Days are approaching or a serious on the road to Rapture these elements are creating an emotional maelstrom that has found an odd idol in the buffoonish persona of Trump. The longer it the more attached he himself becomes to the of writing his name on the wind forever and the more his followers see themselves affirmed and exalted. we have to come to terms with the dismaying truth that public in individuals and in is only exceptionally the outcome of an informed and thoughtful process of deliberation. It is the rationalist myth that we are by nature thinking creatures inclined to viewing the world around us in an emotionally mature manner. very few persons approximate that model. Inherited deep seated prejudices and private the attraction or repulsion of personality all of these elements come into play to considerable degree. In todays society where attachments of all sorts are weak and where political parties have little where associational life has where we are exposed to the barrage of media imagery and the rationalist model has become less and less valid. Most of us are shaped by influences that we only dimly perceive whether calculated intent lies behind them or not.
Photo by John CC BY 2.0 Three nights 19.37 million television viewers watched the opening game of North professional baseballs World Series pitting the Cubs against the latter team won I made it through the second inning before I had to switch to radio out of disgust at the jersey and team logo a wild grinning Native caricature best understood as a Red Its bad enough that the team retains into the 21 st the name the First Nations people in the United States are more properly called Native or Indigenous not a name imposed on them by white conquerors who mistakenly thought discovered the But the logo is really beyond the pale . Imagine a team called The Blacks or The New Jersey with a showing a racist caricature of a Black Or imagine a football team named the or an team named the with a jersey bearing the crudely exaggerated caricature image of an old stereotypically man. That would be unthinkable in of course. Native suffered their own Holocaust on the lands that were swallowed up as the United States. By some estimates more than 15 million First Nations people inhabited North of them on land later seized as before Thanks to and the number of alive in the United States fell to less than 250,000 by 1890. But team names bearing images names of Indigenous people who experienced genocide the Redskins which the Black comic Rock once analogized to naming a team The New the the the after a famous Nation warrior whose tribe members were butchered en by the City the Fighting the State etc. live on with impunity in the up in the northern Great predominantly white and heavily militarized local and state police are attacking the civil rights and bodies of Indigenous people fighting heroically to help humanity the mostly white folks watching the World avert environmental catastrophe. The remarkable and resistance camp set up by North Standing Rock tribe is dedicated to blocking Energy Transfer Partners Access Pipeline The pipeline is a giant black snake being laid to carry 470,000 barrels of hydraulically fractured crude oil daily from the North oil field under and near the River the and numerous other and aquifers. The Standing Rock resistance camp has at various times in recent months swelled to accommodate more than five thousand water protectors who are also air and climate protectors. It has garnered support and participation from more than 300 Native making it the greatest example of solidarity in two centuries the time of of history. And now behind the scenes of the World Series and the seemingly endless quadrennial presidential electoral extravaganza it is under vicious attack. As reports on checkpoints. surveillance planes. Invasive strip searches. These are just some of the repression tactics that have targeted the thousands of Indigenous people and supporters heeding the call of the Standing Rock mobilized to North to stop the On 22 127 water protectors were arrested at a march by police in riot some of whom carried assault and multiple reports of violence have including forced strip searches. What happened on was completely uncalled out of the realm of any understanding of people who are trying to do something good and an organizer with the West Coast Women Warriors Media Cooperative The intrepid Native journalist and other writers at Censored News report that County police are criminally torturing Native placing hoods over the heads of water boarding hooded prisoners and forcing at least one young woman to remain naked in jail cell for an entire night. Hall of the River Reservation in South told that Nobody is telling the real story of whats coming out of these why were doing this Our overall Hall is that this pipeline is not built. Our overall goal is to protect protect the human race Were protecting future generations. Earth scientists across the world are urgently warning humanity and the predominantly white economic and power elites who control global and energy policy that fossil fuels must be kept in the ground and replaced with renewable energy sources as a soon as possible if homo wants to avoid ever more imminent ecosystem collapse . It is a good moment for of all races and ethnic and national origins to shift their attention away from the mass spectator pageants of our times be they World Series games or quadrennial major party electoral carnivals. can put the game on the radio while organizing financial support for the Standing Rock water and climate protectors. And it takes about ten minutes to vote if you really think that matters Its a good time to glean some existentially imperative wisdom and inspiration from the likes of Hall. Hall and thousands of other Indigenous water and climate protectors and their multiracial allies within and beyond North white activists have been waging an and struggle against the at the Stand camp in Southeastern are trying in their own highly focused way to draw a line in the soil of the Great Plains against relentless project of Greenhouse Gassing life on Earth to death a crime that will make the and look almost like amateur criminals . Hall and and the many thousands of other Indigenous fighting the are descended from the continents original inhabitants. They are connected thereby to an Indigenous and culture from whom could learn a great deal. As the Native author and activist Ward wrote two decades On the day first washed up on a North was long since endowed with an abundant and exceedingly complex cluster of civilizations. Having continuously occupied the continent for at least 50,000 the native inhabitants evidenced a total population of perhaps 15 cities as large as the urban center at highly advanced conceptions of architecture and spiritual traditions embodying equivalents to modern refined knowledge of pharmacology and holistic and highly sophisticated systems of and diplomacy. The traditional economies of the continent were primarily based in environmentally sound farming procedures which originated well over half the foodstuffs now consumed by peoples the world over. By and the indigenous societies demonstrating such attainments were organized along extremely egalitarian with real property held collectively and a normative standard. War in the sense in which the term is understood was unknown. Also unknown was economic inequality and poverty on anything remotely like the scale of early modern which gestated the capitalist order that would spill its vicious surplus onto North territory including what would become the United States a nation where the top tenth of the top One Percent currently owns nearly as much wealth as the bottom 90 percent. North civilization was comprised of what described as societies which had perfected ways of organizing themselves into psychologically fulfilling experiencing very high standards of and still maintaining environmental harmony From a Native Essays on 1985-1995 South End emphasis Such were the social and cultural attainments of North Indigenous people and who are cruelly mocked as quaint and amusing savages from a bygone frontier era in the names and logos worn by sports teams. As the top national media spectacle shifts from the World Series to the final days of the noxious election reflect on this great accomplishment of Western in the three presidential debates between the two widely hated major party the media moderators did not ask or relay a solitary question about climate change the single greatest issue of our or any time . Not one question . It is quite literally unreal. note the absurdity of North baseballs penultimate games being played during the evening and in the cool and even cold temperatures of the middle Fall season. Baseball is a summer meant to played in but commercial considerations dictate that profit trumps basic environmentally grounded intelligence when it comes to when Major League Baseball and the corporate media schedule the games. The continents First Nations people would never be so foolish as Meanwhile thousands of predominantly Native activists heirs of the people taunted and lampooned by the name and gear of the baseball are giving their answer at the top of the fossil fuels must stay in the ground if our children and grandchildren and out other relatives the other living things of the world are going to be able to enjoy a decent future. And for having the courage to draw this line in the sands of time and an untold number of these Indigenous heroes are now being left naked in and these practices fall under the category of torture in the Army by militarized white heirs of those who committed the North genocide.
11 Stupid Things Has Said 2016 of has always been a gold mine of comedy given his penchant for saying things that are asinine. Apparently agrees with this deleted something like 30,000 tweets yesterday. Clearly a man proud of his history of astute analysis and the is forever and all of the stupid things that has said can still be found and mocked mercilessly. Here are 11 things has said that are incredibly dumb. 1. was convinced that people would love That until he . marker which was solid as of 15 minutes ago appears to no longer be 2016 His 2013 piece is still available and in it he whines about how supposedly for is just massively biased toward negativity about this kind of also links to another piece of his in which he claimed that becomes the status people will still be happy with the status quo quo and easy to In other felt that the would eventually succumb to his way of thinking. That all fell by the wayside when the administration admitted that premiums were set to increase by an average of 25 percent. 2. made a racist comment toward former Gov. Bobby In a 2013 tweet that is now Bobby reputation for intelligence anything other than ethnic doubled down on his nasty comment when he received fun. Conservative twitter is in bogus outrage backed the now that I know more about life its clear that hes a very smart man who just says lots of very dumb The irony of saying this was not lost on Good thing you don't say dumb stuff. MT Its clear that a very smart man who just says lots of very dumb stuff. 2013 3. once ranted against The leftist pundit wrote a piece in 2009 that was seriously titled in which highlighted a passage from who wrote in the New Republic that had to be stupid for not supporting the public option. suspect that is the or possibly the of a cultural stereotype that are smart and good with wrote. its not true. If Senator Smith from was angering Democrats by spewing uninformed most liberals would deride him as an idiot. With we all suspect its part of a plan. I think he just has no idea what hes talking about and care to long held a related theory about Cantor. this reminds me that at a meeting this morning I pitched the idea of trying to do health reform in a secret morning session that only Senators would attend. Theres a whole bunch and Its a very progressive bunch and could easily be outvoted 4. advocated for ending time zones. Seriously. In what was a typical example of being a waste of wrote a 2014 piece titled case against time They're impractical Northern is connected via to and to its but not to to its south so the area is on Pacific Time rather than Mountain Time. has broken with the general scheme and adopted a staggered time zone so as to place the entire country on one time. Yet while these and zones destroy the pristine geometry of railroad they serve a very practical purpose. It is genuinely annoying to schedule and other arrangements across time zones. The need to constantly specify which time zone you're talking about is a drag. Commuting across time zones would be more annoying which is why the suburbs of that are located in use Central Time rather than Eastern Time. But the ultimate solution to this problem is not a lot of ad hoc deviations. It's to shift the world to one giant time zone. then called for time to rule them phrase that prompted to weep in his then wrote this If the whole world used a single schedules would still vary. In general most people would sleep when it's dark out and work when it's light out. So at most of would be at home or in bed and most of would be at the office. But of course bartenders would probably be at work while some shift workers in LA would be grabbing a nap. The difference from today is that if you were putting together a conference call at there'd be only one possible interpretation of the proposal. A flight that leaves New at and lands in at is a with no need to keep track of time zones. If your appointment is in El at you don't need to remember that it's in a different time zone than the rest of explained just how stupid time zone piece writing at Ricochet grant you that there are times when confusion does take but who Is befuddlement regarding time zones really such a pressing issue that has to take to writing an article demanding that we abolish the people at have anything better to write Apparently they don't. 5. doesn't understand geography very well. wrote a short blurb in The in in which he began thinking aloud about the city of been interested to know if is legally or practically preventing the city from just expanding further and further west if anyone happens to said. People immediately pointed the obvious couldn't do so because there was this thing called a of which is The Everglades National such development to be difficult to accomplish. I know it's a freaking swamp but there's plenty of development on in hence all the canals and an exasperated wrote in an update. Except that the land is not it's an actual swamp . Maybe shouldn't write a blurb that involves him thinking aloud. 6. thinks that lying is perfectly you're a politician. found himself getting smacked around on Twitter after he advocated for rail advocates to provide an projection about the number of riders that will use the boondoggle program to obtain funding from the government. better or for thats wrote at . On attempted to justify it by dishonesty with dishonesty is sometimes the right thing for advocates to And had the temerity to accuse journalist Lake of being dishonest on Twitter. must have realized how badly he put himself in a when he told the Daily Caller to when they tried to interview him about the Twitter incident. 7. once hailed the Department of Veteran Affairs as a model the country should emulate. The Federalist pointed to writing in 2009 that the was the highest quality care in the country. Their turnaround points the way toward solving also tweeted at chairman in be explaining the evils of socialized medicine to This tweet was also and for good since the has caused 307,000 veteran deaths due to problems with the agency. 8. doesn't understand the purpose of the Senate. wrote the following for in per the Guardian If you add together the two Republican Senators from with the one from one from South one from New two from two from two from one from two from two from two from one from two from two from one from two from South and two from the 28 of them collectively represent a system in which you attribute half the population of a given state to a 11.98 percent of the population. Boxer and together represent 11.95 percent of the population. Now of course is also a big state at 7.81 percent of the population it's a lot smaller than and there are small states and North that have two Democratic Senators. So the point here isn't a narrowly partisan though the wacky apportionment of the Senate does have a partisan valence. The point is that this is an unfair and bizarre way to run things. If you consider that the mean state would contain two percent of the we have just 34 Senators representing the states even though they collectively contain 69.15 percent of the population. The other 66 Senators represent about 30 percent of the people. If the were to succeed in overthrowing their theocracy and set about to write a new nobody in their right mind would recommend this system to them. In three paragraphs of incoherent missed the fact that the purpose of having two senators representing each state was so states with smaller populations would be properly represented and not have their interests swallowed up by states with larger populations. 9. doesn't understand financial system. showed his ignorance of the issue when he wrote in a 2013 Slate column that there were far far too many in the as there were 6,891 at the time. that all these small banks were somehow 1. They are poorly You know how the best and brightest of Wall Street royally screw up This doesn't get better when you drill down to the and guys. It gets worse. And since small banks finance themselves almost entirely with loans from nobody is watching the store. In the banks are being taxed to subsidize the poorly managed ones. The dubious doesn't get as complicated as what you see on Wall mostly just classic commercial real estate it creates all the same problems. 2. They can't be Since these banks are so they could be easily driven out of business by high regulatory compliance costs. So since public policy is perversely committed to preserving small banks regularly get various kinds of from regulations. And once the they create pressure for extension further up the food chain. Other times the compliance issues of small firms become a reason to simply not do tight regulation. 3. They can't If you want the Chases and Bank of of the world to be held to you need both regulation and competition. But a bank serving a handful of rural counties or a single city doesn't offer any real competition. Having a large share of banking sector tied up in tiny firms only makes it easier for a handful of big boys to monopolize finance. debunked which was devoid of citations and falsely claimed that there haven't been any new banks formed in recent years were at least four in arguments are so poorly reasoned and so poorly supported that it leads one to question whether his post was thoughtlessly regurgitated from bank talking points promoted by the big banks the Wall Street banks that nearly destroyed the problem. Small community banks where bankers actually know the borrowers are the real problem. worry about the facts. Just go with wrote in The Federalist . actually at a loss to come up with a more charitable 10. thinks that black conservatives are a recent phenomenon. After reading a review of a Booker T. started thinking about political prompting him to write in a 2009 only extremely recently that the idea of an aligning la with the mainstream conservative movement in could be remotely possible. But even that mean there was no ideological conflict in black politics or that general rightist sentiments somehow This is patently as Root explained in Reason the great Renaissance author and journalist was known as the black general rightist sentiments long before came on the including unambiguously titled 1966 autobiography Black and Conservative. And the celebrated novelist and folklorist both endorsed conservative Sen. A. in the 1952 presidential election and repeatedly attacked New Deal... 11. expressed joy when died. Following tweeted around dead people are ridiculous. The world outlook is slightly improved with This tweet has also been and for good the death of someone just because of political differences is worse than it's vile and reprehensible. And Slate defended stating that he a very passionate journalist and Slate values that Apparently Slate believes that trumps basic human decency and a reasonable and certainly does not possess the latter two qualities.
Want To Write Jokes About Trump Winning Hank 2016 Conversing with fellow Daily Show comic John Oliver at the Film Festival on Late Show unfunny host admitted that he even conceive that trump would win the so much so that he write jokes bout Trump winning for election night. In the roughly discussion and titled That Was Film Festival executive director Tom Hall set the somber tone by we planned this I think we all thought we'd be looking back with laughter instead of looking forward with deep concern about the uncertainty we Speaking of the Late Show s Election Night special on admitted that the staff was prepared for every result of the election except the one that actually There was not a bear big enough in the world that we weren't loaded for. We were so loaded for every possible eventuality. We had so many guests. We had so many all based on a different eventuality. We had three wins and we wins and we because its not called before the shows Trump's going to win and we because everyone said he had such a narrow path to victory. That's not wishful that's what everyone was saying. And then there was the last which is the show we which is Trump is going to win and we know he's going to win. My execs and my writers were You don't want to write something for and There is nothing you can write. You don't understand. I have 400 people in my theater. If we know Trump is going to it's going to be like doing comedy for one of those soccer stadiums where the villagers watch you execute one of the natives. There will be no We only did about 20 minutes of material before we F it's going to be let's just talk for another hour. So I think we have two and a half whole shows that you will never see of material that we had to kill that night. moaned that the special was hardest thing ever done in my was tying my tie at and I he took we expected that. He took it by 11 points. That's not And then over my people kept holding up signs that He revealed that numerous fake commercials were but of them were appropriate once we knew we were playing to an audience of the condemned. Our audience was sobbing openly. And those are people who work for like my As Daily Wire pointed out years ago manipulative act has been laced with hatred of He engages in He needs no makeup or bulbous appendage to play a conservative after conservatives come in every shape and size. he acts as though he is a conservative an brutal conservative. He Bunkers Bunker. His audience laughs and scoffs at brutal religious who wishes to persecute they chortle at evil sexist who thinks men are victims of sexism. This is the purpose of routine. His show is about pure hatred for conservatives in the same way that was about pure hatred of blacks. In order to justify their racists had to create a false perception of in the same and his audience can justify their racism only by creating a false perception of conservatives. On waxed eloquent over his fear of a Trump all for giving him a but give him an inch. Because I believed everything he and I remember everything he said. And its horrifying. It's possible. The job changes a man. That's the of the He Every president tries to achieve what they promised and you can there are levers of power in that can slow him down. But two One is they're cowards. Second is that the levers in are apparently merely attached to blinking red lights that make the people happy when they pull. Because they tried to stop Trump. Everybody tried to stop do not delude yourself. Everyone except the people he's going to appoint tried to stop him and they didn't. He owes them nothing. He goes out on the balcony and he says to the Shall I do And they And he It shall be so. And the balcony is Twitter. He goes onto Twitter and he What do you Do you think That's what scares that he owes the checks and balances of nothing because they tried to stop him and they couldn't. And he's a vindictive person. So it's all going to be fine. Merry There is nothing you can next person who says to must be happy on a certain is going to have their eye carved out. So thats the man underneath the comedy mask . . .
Political analyst of the Daily Mail Introduced by with additional comments historic Most leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him. INTRODUCTION Only yesterday an esteemed political commentator on my site had these prophetic words to Whoever its going to be a shock to end all shocks. Half of will be shocked by jubilant the other half by black despair. never know any other election like this. Like so any others who have ended up with egg on their the same commentator had confidently predicted a victory for These false among whom we can number the author of this present were convinced that would soon be installed in the White House. Here is what our esteemed commentator told us yesterday. How hollow and even ridiculous his words sound I quote them only because they are so typical. Listen you are my friends and I hope all gonna be made very happy tomorrow morning as Trump becomes the new of . But I have this sinking feeling in my gut that it gonna happen. is gonna win because all the cards are stacked in her favor. Remember even if of vote for those voting machines are gonna turn real nasty and start spitting out fire and devil smoke. And its gonna be Crazy and rapist Hubby Bill waltzing into the White House and up the gallery stairs into the hot tub on the top with assorted simpering among the bubbles and going . . . . . . take it easy only a Girl Ya cant make this Obviously. If Id said them Id now be blushing with shame for making such a fool of myself. The fact we have all made fools of not least the Republican Party that took the unprecedented step of disowning their own and giving their support to his Democratic competitor Here was a they alleged who was was in the pocket of and took orders from the He was closer to the than he was to If elected this they the trump of doom no pun soon be reverberating from to The man they spat upon and denigrated so treacherously is now their boss. Lets hope he punishes them. Lets hope he puts behind as he promised . If he now does a and cuddles up to the and if his first trip abroad is to Tel his millions of supporters will know they have been cruelly betrayed. Just as Tony betrayed turning into one of the greatest liars and war criminals in it remains to be seen if Trump is not going to do a similar by cuddling up to the enemies of to the and and and the warmongers who put before and pay regular visits to the Wailing Wall. And so we come now to this prophetic article by political sage of the Daily Mail . I wish it were satire. It is not. It is three days before the election on with a straight face. Fasten your seat dear and get ready for a good laugh. Here is the mainstream media at its most fatuous and spewing forth imbecilities for the masses. how and how deeply sobering. WHAT IF TRUMP DID by The 45th President of the United States reached his day in office and he marked it in characteristic style. Rising shortly before the most powerful man in the world took a congratulatory phone call from his closest before strolling into the White House Rose where a group of models were waiting with an enormous white and gold cake. Thank they for making great If the impromptu party was overshadowed by the chanting of thousands of protesters outside the the President showed no sign of being particularly worried. Take care of he told the head of his who had replaced the Secret Service a few months ago. Then he nodded meaningfully at the Ill see you girls later . . . According to his the President spent the afternoon closeted with his advisers in a private suite at his wife spa the White Houses East discussing the opening of his Senate impeachment trial in a few days time. Then he retired for the evening with some of his closest among them the actor the former heavyweight champion Mike and the Hulk Hogan. To look at the Presidents you would hardly know that is in that he faces multiple congressional investigations into his finances and every rival mobs of demonstrators do battle only steps from the White House. Nor would you know that the economy is in deep its cities are ablaze after months of race an undeclared war is raging on the border and a nuclear conflict now seems inevitable in the Pacific. Never has the gap between image and reality been greater. Never has the worlds greatest republic plunged to such depths. But then what did you expect from President The trouble started within moments of Trumps unexpected comeback victory in the election of when riots broke out in several including and Thousands of buildings were but the new nevertheless maintained that it had been the greatest night in The greatest. Period. In his victory speech he broke with the traditional courtesies by openly pouring scorn on his defeated and promising his supporters that Crooked would shortly be facing a long stretch in jail. See the video below in which doing his first apparent lavishes words of praise on and tells how grateful they should be to her for all her hard work and dedication. So what happened to all that talk of putting her behind In remains very much at large. Even though President Trump insisted that her criminal conviction would be one of his chief and immediately appointed a special prosecutor with a brief to investigate her activities dating back to the the are reportedly still trawling through thousands of having unearthed yet another tranche last month. There were more signs of the new at his inauguration ceremony in when Trump appeared on the stage waving his Make Great Again baseball in front of a in which his own surname was spelled out in letters. the 45th President broke with precedent by refusing to deliver a prepared preferring to speak from the as he put it. Returning to some familiar he told his audience that his was a terrorist and a that most were rapists and that China was in for a shock and that was a complete waste of time and money. Most foreign leaders were appalled. But one man who clearly approved was who had been the first head of state to telephone his congratulations to the new After only two weeks in Trump rewarded his new friend by making his first overseas trip to where he assured the press that have been nicer and promised that under his the would be our number one ally. Number One. I mean that. It remains to be seen whether Trumps first trip abroad is to or Tel That would be the litmus test. His tour later in was a disaster. After Trump was recorded making remarks about that cannot be repeated in a family he moved on to where he told May that she had a massive problem and urged her to redevelop as a golf course. the republics reputation in the world has never been lower. Even at the United Nations it has become a laughing especially after Trumps gave a speech in which she confused and suggested was a single country and joked about dropping a nuclear bomb on On the things have gone well beyond a joke. Work on what Trump calls his Great Wall began within days of his though it is unlikely to be finished before he leaves office and will reportedly cost at least billion. After a series of sabotage attacks by protesters in Trump abruptly lost patience and ordered the Marines to cross the border and occupy a strip some ten miles deep which prompted the government to move its own troops to within a mile or two of the incursion. As the two sides have merely though the death toll currently stands at almost 400 a figure that would have been unthinkable three years ago. It would take only one one clash that gets completely out of to trigger a war. At Trumps authoritarian such as his and callous attempt to deport 11 million undocumented have provoked outrage. The summer of 2018 was marked by weeks of rioting in many major while the Presidents insistence on declaring the activist group Black Lives Matter a terrorist sparked huge protests on campuses across the nation. It was at this point that already enraged by Trumps reliance on and arguably unconstitutional executive began discussing impeachment proceedings against the President. But of this only enraged his loyal who maintain that he is the innocent victim of a conspiracy masterminded by the and the media. Trump himself remains remarkably unruffled by the prospect of though some experts claim his famously unearthly hair is a lot thinner than it used to be. He maintains his Congressional critics are crooks and and has made extraordinarily insulting remarks about the potency and masculinity of both the Democratic leader of the Harry and the Republican Speaker of the Trumps attacks on Congress have reached new heights. He now appears to believe that many leading both Democratic and have secretly converted to How do we know that the Bushes he demanded last week. Why else were they so keen on going to Genuine have no place in Trumps He made that very clear within hours of taking the oath of when he signed an emergency executive order banning any from entering the United States. Since he became President 1,000 days attacks on including men and women who have worn their nations have reportedly increased tenfold. There have been arson attacks on mosques in New and all of which Trump refused to visit afterwards. All of this has naturally put him at odds with traditional allies. But Trumps disregard for was even before he took office. Most leaders can barely bring themselves to look at him. May has reportedly not even said a word to him for more than a year. But as Trump is fond of reminding countries such as and are finished. My friend he says is the strongest man in the world. Apart from obviously. As it the President is scheduled to fly into next week to express his solidarity at the beginning of his friends formal trial in the Senate. As is likely to arrive with a large military many of whom are expected to stay on in the capital as additional security for his beleaguered ally. As Trump remarked last he has already arranged a suitable welcoming committee of young female interns for his counterpart. All he said proudly. I just start kissing them . . . and when a they let you do you can do anything. I cant stop kissing them. When a you can do anything Those last words have been something of a motto for Trump. Since his election as he has indeed done anything he wants. The has not merely tarnished forever the image of the driven the economy into recession and destroyed relations between religions and races. It has shattered the Western allowed to rebuild the Soviet empire and left the United States on the brink of nuclear war with the worlds most populous country. Yet even as cities burn and Congress attempts to drive him from Trump remains undaunted. HISTORIC TRUMPS VICTORY SPEECH VIDEO 20
Please scroll down for video They call it The a phrase coined by the of the University of to describe the mysterious and untraceable sound that is heard in certain locations around the world by two to ten percent of the The noises might vary from roaring sounds in the middle of the to prolonged periods of noise which sound like intense industrial activity taking place in the sky. Most unusually of ordinary people in cities such as in England have claimed to hear trumpet horns coming from the sky playing chilling bars of music. Strange noises heard over the sky in Now has become the latest location to these bizarre and completely inexplicable which have been recorded on video. As of no one has been able to offer a completely coherent explanation for these mysterious sounds. Some have suggested that the chilling noises might be caused by changes in the Earths core which could eventually lead to a complete polar shift. aside from there is little evidence to suggest that this particular theory is true. According to they may well be caused by enormous amounts of collated feedback from telephone transmissions and aircraft which are operated by the United States Navy to communicate with submarines. this explanation is deemed to fall short as these noises became particularly apparent in 2011 and 2012 and if is there should have been previous indications of this feedback reaction before this period . Some people have suggested that the noise could be being caused by projects such as the weapons which is believed to be dedicated to working on weather modification technology. If this explanation is it could not explain not only the unusual noises but also why they are so often accompanied by a bizarre phenomenon in the such as those which have been detected in in recent months. And here is another recent video. Chilling to the This article is free and open source. You have permission to republish this article under a Creative Commons license with full attribution and a link to the original source on Related Articles
What Is Causing The Strange Trumpet Sounds In The Sky All Over The May 2015 All over the people are recording extremely loud sounds coming from the sky. In many these ominous noises sound like someone is blowing a trumpet. So what are we supposed to make of these apocalyptic Should we be what we do know is that this is truly a global phenomenon. In addition to being heard at locations all over the United States and these sounds have also been recorded in the and If you go to and type in strange you will literally get hundreds of results from all over the planet. Of course there are many scientists that insist that there must be a rational explanation for these strange sounds. Some theories have suggested rock venting of atmospheric pressure or the natural background noise of our planet as the causes of these but so far none of those theories have been proven. But two things seem certain these noises sure are and they just keep on happening. And this phenomenon is now really starting to get a whole lot of attention. Just within the last there have been headlines about it in major new sources all over the planet. For the following is a brief excerpt about this phenomenon from an article in the New clips from around the world have captured an trumpet noise coming from the sky but no one can explain exactly what it is. A number of people have filmed the bizarre sound over the past 10 years with the latest coming from Video of this most recent incident that happened in is posted below. What do you think could possibly be making this I discussed similar sounds have been recorded all over the globe in recent years. Very let me share four examples with you that were recently included in an article by . This first one comes from next one was recorded in sounds have also been heard all the way on the other side of the planet. This example comes from this next remarkable video comes from I have no idea what is causing these sounds. But so many people around the world are experiencing them that it seems to rule out a hoax. So how can we explain The following theories were put forward by the Daily plates grinding Tectonic plates are pieces of the Earths crust and uppermost together referred to as the lithosphere. The plates are around 100 km thick and consist of two principal types of oceanic crust called from silicon and and continental crust from silicon and Atmospheric pressure Atmospheric pressure is defined as the force per unit area exerted against a surface by the weight of the air above that surface. Trains shunting Self explanatory noise comes from trains in reaction to the track and overhead wires. Construction Building especially if going on at the same time across a specific can led to similar sounds. Aliens Can this be an alien in the perhaps scouring out weapon persist that the government uses secret weapons in the sky for and weather the High Frequency Active Auroral Research Program This explain the sounds in other countries however The Apocalypse and the Seven Trumpets of Heaven Seven trumpets are one at a to cue apocalyptic events that were seen in the vision of the Revelation of by John of Somewhat more worrying as it would signal the end of the world The scientists at have a different explanation. What they think is being heard is simply the natural background noise that our planet is constantly producing According to it could be the earths background noise. A statement from the agency If humans had radio antennas instead of we would hear a remarkable symphony of strange noises coming from our own planet. Scientists call them whistlers and They sound like background music from a flamboyant science fiction but this is not science fiction. Earths natural radio emissions are real although were mostly unaware of they are around us all the time. To that explanation by really ring but I have a really good explanation either. Do you believe that you know what is causing these strange Please feel free to share your thoughts by posting a comment below creepy at that. Just Truth The article that said that can be ruled out correct. It This explain the sounds in other countries however was developed to advance nonlethal weapons in other and works by bouncing frequencies off the thus being able to direct them to any part of the globe. naked swimmer Also all the millions of other energies going into the air could be causing noises. Just think of all the antennas going up every year satellites being launched In the book Toxic Electricity 2nd ed. it says that one thing that could be causing colony collapse disorder is wireless energy. Visible light is way less than of the spectrum. Toxic Electricity Dirty Electricity are interesting books. People realize how much impact electricity wireless is having on the environment. I believe this is a sign of the end times. There are too many things that seem to be lining up with the book of Revelations of and the proposed digital currency by of The bible was written way before and events are mirroring what has been predicted a very long time ago. All of creation cries out in longing More like your reality is fracturing and no matter what you believe it cannot protect you from what lays Beyond. We who have have perfect peace and no fear. These are extremely exciting times and we look forward to what is turning out to be a spectacular and supernatural time in our lives. The number one sign is becoming a nation again in after years of being dispersed all over the the are gradually returning And they are speaking their language again after 2,000 years. One major sign that this is the last days is that the World is turning against and what Because they will not give up that little tiny speck of real estate that you have to get a magnifying glass to see it on the Middle East that is IF you can find a Middle East map with listed on it anymore. I have posted the land owners in the Middle East many times for ALL to But the Haters will not admit the TRUTH when it is before them. I am posting it one more time Square land 0.6 of 8,059 Million 756,981 29.2 Million land 636,374 76 Million There has never been a people. This is something that the Romans did when they conquered from the These so called are They are not and do not belong in or They belong with their own people. This story is but when I listen to the sounds on the they really sound like trumpets to me. I would love to hear majestic music from the because I know what that would but what I hear sounds more like industrial equipment or trains and other noises. I want to stampede to an assumption on this one. Did anyone see that Red where a group of stops dead in their tracks when they hear a booming trumpet from the skies and assume its the end of the not realizing some college kids down the road are fooling around with an full of trumpet and a siren a lot more to the but that twist at the end seems oddly apropos My town is a nexus point for several different railroad lines and several switching yards and a commuter rail line. I hear a lot of trains during the day and night. Some of these sounds remind me of the sounds I hear when shunting trains back and forth and moving the big heavy cargo trains through especially at night when there as many competing sounds. I am not an expert on the atmosphere and what it might be able to do with but I do know it can have an effect on sound. For always heard you can hear noises easier across open water than through the woods. It also has an effect on radio waves. Folks who know radio know the layers of the atmosphere can do strange things with radio waves. For when the weather is you can pick up an AM radio station transmitting hundreds or thousands of miles away when the signal bounces off the troposphere down to you somewhere over the horizon. Last I read an article explaining how changes in temperature at different altitudes can warp visible light. The article explained the Titanic might have sunk within visual range of the but due to the effects of cold and warm layers of witnesses saw something totally different from the largest in the world sinking 5 miles away. So I wonder if sound can react the same originating from one bouncing around from one temperature layer to then coming down elsewhere distorted and unrecognizable as these You have the best explanation heard. Trumpets from God its not. Do I believe God when he says he will use Yes. But I believe what another poster said there will be NO DOUBT as to them BEING TRUMPETS. The proclamations that these sounds are THOSE final trumpets only serve to make look nutty. Perhaps that is one interpretation of the That we henceforth be no more tossed to and and carried about with every wind of by the sleight of and cunning whereby they lie in wait to Thank I feel exactly the same it really it will be definite trumpets. If this were truly the work of why would it be spread out over the course of years in different places and why would it sound so You would think an omnipotent omniscient being would be able to sound real trumpets simultaneously everywhere worldwide and ensure not one of us would be able to miss it. I be surprised the day comes that you even hear the trumpets even over your I think He would let a single one of us escape the message. I think if you go with Razor and look for the most likely peculiar sound makes the most sense. Until something actually just noises. Was looking for in the but he In current a major oil spill in 9 miles of a beach covered. So well see if gas prices go up. Its about time for a gas spike. Mike if you read the book of see that comes back at the end in an event called the Day of Lord or the Second Coming. Before returns you will see the rise of the and a one world government. And when all nations go to attack under the will return. No rapture is coming. Were all going to go through it and if indeed we are in the last of the last days. As I stated I apologize for bringing in to the conversation. It has nothing to do with the and was wrong of me. I would agree. We are all in this storm together. Hold on endure to the end and So it appears a post Are you reformed as I thought I was the only one by reading these comments. This topic is so touchy but my husband and I were just discussing this earlier this evening so here goes. My husband contends that if one of the major goals of the is to kill and how is it possible for the catching up to happen before the comes on the who would he kill if we were all Why are there so many warnings and signs described in the Bible if there were no left here to heed Is our catching up in the clouds going to happen simultaneously to coming to defeat or prior to that time. I have been studying the bible for almost 40 years and I still cant definitively say anything other than rapture. There going to be any rapture. He who endures to the end shall be saved. I agree .. Were all going at the 7th trump together. thats the last trump Its a touchy topic around many I believe there will be any rapture happening before the last trump. You for having the Screen name you could sure use some humbling. What I mean by that if all worried about is gas prices than you need a major Just look around whats going on in the world and see that there are Volcanoes along with Earthquakes and wars AND rumors of more wars to come. I also heard the what I believe is a Trumpet blasting off. It was the 19th of and I was discussing with my daughter about how so many people considering the facts that are being presented right in front of ignoring what may be to ensure their own and We may soon be at Civil or Foreign or BOTH in this Soon after I had gotten done telling it to the trumpet sound was coming from outside. She walked to the door and opened it up and said It sounds like theres a war going on right now. Thats when I got up and walked to the door to hear it sounding off. Its just a shame in the sense that it was raining Id be able to hear it but then if you believe that its a trumpet declaring the End of Days is than you know that get another chance to hear it again. But while they were on their way to buy the the bridegroom arrived. The virgins who were ready went in with him to the wedding banquet. And the door was shut. Later the others also came. they open the door for But he Truly I tell I know you. Therefore keep because you do not know the day or the hour. very I boast about because I have nothing. Gas prices affect in one way or another. As for whats going on in the natural disasters have been happening for thousands of years. Wars and rumors of wars have happened for thousands of years. Diseases have been around since man arrived on earth. I do apologize for bringing in to the conversation. It has nothing to do with the and was wrong of me. Its up to nine miles They said it was only four. And its not making much mainstream news. But have u seen the Heart breaking.
2015 at am Reply STEREOTYPES EXIST FOR A REASON AND EVERYONE DOES SO ACT LIKE EXEMPT FROM A HEALTHY WAY OF EXAMINING AND PROTECTING YOUR ENVIRONMENT. I noticed this subject coming up more than once in the news feed on that I thought Id address instead of acting like its the Big Elephant In The Room The Elephant is that ONLY WHITES are to blame for stereotyping and and that BLACKS are the only ones who receive that is so far from the as can be found in any search on how whites are treated by blacks. Studies have found they are MORE racist than whites and I know mainly due to the Chip That Is ON Their Shoulder discussed later. Racism and stereotyping exist not only because of the like ones experiences and their encounters with certain individual but also what one has been or or better both experience and what they have taught so how can one NOT come to a solid At this point their views are pretty much sealed. Kind of like getting SAVED it enough to know in your head something is true about and His but once the heart then its pretty much sealed. Why are BLACKS not into being politically no one is calling me an and REAL hate the comparison the ONLY ones who CRY RACISM at every at every perceived at every corrective at every comment at not taking accountability for their main reason is . THE VICTIM Want to read a great book on the Ken Pick A Better Country and Plain Talk And Common Sense I have them both and I use to listen to him when he was on the air and he is right he is as black as they and he is from So I trust his and Bill he has tarnished his name take on the VICTIM MENTALITY. All one has to do is look around them and see it is true. As you can my focus will be on RACISM against People Of Color not against because that is the consensus going around and what I have experienced and others I know have experienced. And before anyone tries to call me a I am I judge people till you prove the stereotype then that only makes me MORE cautious of the next person who comes along. And so far in my 51 yrs of I have learned that STEREOTYPES EXIST FOR A REASON. like everyone else who has their such as any white insecure jealous or any man trying to get into my or anyone who exhibits Unsafe or Unhealthy I will still give another no matter what their race the benefit of the although I will some more than others. not or its called being WISE. It is one thing to respect others and be it is another to just let anyone into your or do business with them. Trust is earned not freely given. . Going back to the VICTIM this is what is HOLDING THE BLACK COMMUNITY DOWN and is why stereotypes and racism exist. Saying it or trying to TWIST or SPIN into existence something that just will not FLY with most who have even half a brain. Common Sense and ones Experience will always trump POLITICAL CORRECTNESS. The media want you to know the truth as they OMIT or SPIN but they can only do so because of all the REALITY SHOWS. behavior and and NEWS PIECES that portray a better reality. Sad thing is too many just wont say they just talk in private about the subject among those liked minded out of But truth is so here goes. Does anyone else find it interesting that throughout many different if not all have been of slavery yet ONLY BLACKS are left with a VICTIM get me what was done to them and any slave at the time or in the past and even now we focused on the 200,000 sex trafficked in of course was wrong. I would have to say that the MISTREATMENT and abuse of another is but slavery was a way of life even going back to the biblical times. When you think about we are ALL SLAVES to something. Slavery and bondage are a way of life even when it comes to ourselves. Some are in BONDAGE to their desires and indulgent to their to their to their to their to their to their children etc. The only FREE SLAVE is one who is a bond servant to and who has follow His Lordship in their life. no rabbit Ill leave it at that. Point is SLAVERY is not as dirty of a word as many would like to think many things in our it what happens to us that but what we DO with it to but not all blacks throughout history have chosen to take the NEGATIVE REACTION for their lot in life The Blame Game is so unbecoming and senseless. I care who you if one cannot take ACCOUNTABILITY individually for their own in spite of their surroundings and then one will naturally FALL PREY to the negativity that comes with that choice. One of my 5 is ONES OWN SIN. John and Ken adequately and articulately explains all the ends and outs of a VICTIM MENTALITY among the black way better than I can. All I know no other race that has been slaves throughout history has played the RACE CARD nor have they proclaimed themselves as VICTIMS none. If anything they OVERCAME and They banded together not destroy each black on black crime is extremely and supported each financially and in many other to say WE ARE A PROUD WE CAN DO THIS More food for thought. I have often have any of those who feel such an outrage against how the blacks were treated while enslaved nationalities throughout history endured the blacks are no ever thought about what I am about to Like I we all have choices to go POSITIVE or NEGATIVE in any given situation and to me I would think the black community would be able to move on THANKFUL for being brought to for their future generations after slavery. Look what they were SAVED FROM. one gave them Who possesses more slaves today than any other group in so why is it that blacks can enslave but no other group Why is it that blacks can call themselves degrading yet no one else Why can they kill whites and not be called but if a black is killed by a white automatically they are Why the double Do they really want to go back to . RAPE an epidemic of AIDS etc. And black do you really want to be dominated by a man and treated as property and have your cut off as a child any and live the life of an average woman .. very hard no no life of servant hood always in what are Mentality Type people fighting Do they want to go back to Of course they claim they want to be treated EQUALLY that sounds fair to THEN ACT LIKE STOP fitting the be the one who I care what others think of if being an Uncle Tom or a Sell Out is what it takes to be Equal then so be it. I will not play I will Take The Bull By The Horn be accountable for my behavior and do what it takes morally and responsibly to FIT and if more and more people did that then stereotypes would change. I could write more on the but feel this is a good place to stop.
Email The liberal sites and some in social media actually believe that the acquittal on all charges brought against the and five others last week for their peaceful protest and occupation of the Wildlife Refuge in was a sign of white privilege . One even allowed a black columnist to write that white privilege was now Consider the moronic claim of at Salon An jury acquitted militant religious fundamentalists whose avowed aim is hurting the Excuse Hurting the How so according to the overwhelming evidence against the on a federal jury in acquitted them of federal weapons and conspiracy charges. This shocked many observers. It should not and other people of color often talk about how there is one legal system for and another for he added. What is this evidence of which he he doesn't quite tell us. He never mentions any laws that were broken. It's not against the law to keep and bear arms . It's not against the law to go and occupy an area that is supposed to be under the people's control per the Constitution. per the the land does not belong to the central government. It's not against the law to hold a press conference there. It's not against the law to address your government for grievances. In all those things are a part of the and what does have to say about this photo with a black man standing with and Does that look like white privilege to Did receive white privilege I don't think so. The tyranny you are supporting murdered him in cold blood and now a jury has determined that they were doing nothing wrong that should have warranted their arrest nor his murder. How about the months these men sat in jail in while being denied Was that white What about the fact they are facing similar trumped up charges in from something that took place two years and are still sitting in Is that white privilege He then went on to ask if did this would it be terrorism. I can answer yes. the reason why I can affirm that is because they would have created just as they are taught to do in the as they follow in the footsteps of their They usually do. The only violence at Ranch or in was the result of the State Police the and the Bureau of Land Management . Those were the people with guns pointed at despite claims otherwise. If that was not forgot that a Native M. testified on behalf of the Was that your white privilege the there is a dual system of justice in the United States of One exists for white people especially white conservatives and other members of the right wing and a separate one for people of color and added is white privilege through the is not the only one to put forth this nonsense. New Times columnist also claimed this acquittal may have been racially motivated. Other people on social media chimed in making the same ridiculous claims without ever once citing any law that was broken. Terrorism is legal when white
We've recently had two object lessons in the worthlessness of the is polling saga. A few days the media was loudly trumpeting that victory was that the polls were in and she was going to ignore Trump and focus on building her administration and winning races. And just like last time the numbers turned around again. I was recently asked to predict the race. I answered that the one thing I could predict is that the media will claim a landslide for right before the election. That much is very likely. It's in the media's interest to spread by promoting polls that predict not just a but a creating the perception that voting is useless. The more Republicans feel that the outcome is the less likely they will be to go out and vote. But the scandal polling numbers have a history of rebounding. This remains a challenging and very unusual election. The premature panic we've seen in some circles is unhealthy. We shouldn't completely ignore poll but neither should we treat them as inevitable. We've had two major lessons in why that's short sighted.
Search form Search From Bad to Worse Ransom Payment to is Just the Tip of the Iceberg In his bid to pursue a charts disastrous course with reckless abandon. 2016 Most of including several democratic cringed when inked the deal but those of us who are familiar with the malevolent nature of the recoiled in horror when we learned that transferred million to the in exchange for four citizens held captive by the mullahs on trumped up charges. The million was part of a larger installment totaling ostensibly to settle claims had against the United States stemming from aborted arms purchases dating back to the Shah. claimed that this was money that was owed to and the which included billion in saved the taxpayer billions because the were demanding even more at the where the claim was being adjudicated. The timing and method of the cash transfers were disquieting to say the least and raised serious questions of legality as well as broader concerns. The were freed only after received its million. The which was airlifted in the dead of night in an unmarked cargo was made in untraceable stacked on wooden pallets. The demanded Swiss Francs and rather than Dollars and a pliant agreed to the Republics dictates. Gleeful leaders were quick to announce victory and claimed that the payment was indeed a contradicting the administrations adamant denials. Even within the administration there was confusion about whether the payment was in fact a ransom. State Department spokesman Mark Toner came very close to acknowledging this fact when he noted that the million was used as leverage to ensure the safe return. The White House quickly repudiated the State Departments characterization. Even if one were to believe the story peddled by the the mere appearance of a quid pro quo payment potentially exposes the to extortion and The certainly believed it was a ransom payment and more likely than every dictator on the planet saw it that way as well. But there are deeper more troubling aspects to this convoluted story. In his 2016 address to the tried to put a positive spin on his dealings with the Republic but as noted by Rick in an excellent article featured in Mosaic the deal struck with the was rotten to its core and the administration deliberately kept the people in the dark about various aspects of the shady arrangement. The million that the transferred to came from Foreign Military Sales account with the Pentagon. The balance of 1.3 billion ostensibly represented interest accrued since 1979. But neglected to note that when filed its the filed counterclaim against for million for breaches of its obligations under the program. The could have conceivably won that counterclaim which would have meant wooden pallets of cash for the courtesy of the Republic. plaintiffs maintained sixteen court judgments against the Republic stemming from that regimes involvement in terrorist activities. Those judgments totaled billion in compensatory and punitive damages. Some plaintiffs sought to recover their Judgments directly from account but their efforts were stymied by the administration. under a convoluted deal struck between Congress and the administration in the treasury was to pay the holders of the judgments against for the amount of their compensatory damages and 10 percent of their punitive damages up to the amount in the fund. The judgments would then be to the United which meant that judgments became direct claims against the government. ignored the Judgments and never paid any of the plaintiffs. Under the million sitting in the account should have gone back to the which had already paid the judgment holders. But the treasury never collected a dime on the claims since shipped the money off on wooden pallets to the taxpayer ended up footing the bill for terrorism while the were never held accountable for their maleficence. actions represented blatant disregard for the for the victims of terrorism and for the taxpayer. His claim of saving the taxpayer billions represents the zenith of mendacity. claimed that the payments had to be made in cash because existing sanctions prohibited normal banking procedures. But as noted by the sanctions regimen expressly permits payments made to settle claims instituted at The exposing yet another lie by the administration. There was and only one reason why the requested cash and all but the most disingenuous know what that reason is. The are the worlds foremost of international terrorism. They finance terrorist groups and proxy militias throughout the region and internationally but can only do so through illicit means that circumvent normal methods of financing. they demanded untraceable cash. The misery that we are currently witnessing in and elsewhere is due in no small part to the administration which provided the with the cash necessary to keep operations flowing. In addition to the billion in also authorized the release of seven convicted felons and expunged warrants on 14 others. But this aspect of the transaction seems almost trivial when considering the sheer mendacity and illegality of nearly every other aspect of the deal. the transfer of such a large sum to in settlement of an alleged legal claim required the attorney generals approval but the administration has yet to produce any document bearing signature authorizing such payment. On Sen. and Rep. Mike presented Lynch with a series of questions seeking clarification of various aspects of the deal. whose tenure as attorney general is proving to be as corrupt and partisan as her has inexplicably refused to answer the lawmakers queries. In a desperate attempt to establish a pursued the deal with reckless forfeiting positions previously regarded as red lines and signing the worst deal in diplomatic history. The ancillary deal struck with the concerning hostages was laced with outright lies and enabled the to continue their reign or regional terror. More it may also have been in violation of existing law and stonewalling only lends credence to that notion.
Report Copyright Violation I notice here at the amount of doom sayers seems to go down when a republican is in office But when the left get in office the increases. Now i am sure the effect is opposite. If trump gets in office i am sure the will increase on the left side of the political spectrum. Page 1
2016 Bill the eighth This guy is real genius He is too stupid to realize all of those tweeter posts and videos are going to come back and bit him in the Oh he will have plenty of time to think about his stupidity while he sits in a jail cell. Would you hire this You need a job when the funds you I even live in the US and I know created Black Lives matter and these guys get paid pretty well for there acting up at any protest. Black Lives Matter the very name creates violence. Purple lives Matter Hunter You I wonder if when somebody in the were to release travel itinerary to the right people hey payback can be a BITCH 50 Rabbis marched with them in are truly racist. M the plan is to be more more more destructive. And the goal is to have blacks NOT be targeted by Good luck with that. It wont just be the police targeting rioting average white is ready fearfully cautious of black thugs. The thugs know this and they try to intimidate whites by flaunting theirs image of the by learning the right facial and wearing their pants on their ass. Stacking gang even if not in a gang to appear knowledgeable about such things. It might work with some of the but to the average young white male it is perceived as a potential threat. The primary difference between white males and black males is that only on black males are not convicted and cannot legally possess a firearm. On the other hand nearly of white males have no felony and or do possess legal firearms. Blacks are of our population. Whites are a little under There are also a huge number of pissed off white veterans of and who would not mind a little domestic house cleaning. You can bet your and not be afraid of losing that these Vets are Trump supporters. Be careful what you wish for. The real world is not or a movie. This morning on my walk to the stop in the Rogers Park neighborhood in was called out to by a black White The sad because I had to stop acting and looking scared a few years back when I first MOVED to this after became is that I am USED to this kind of so I started to giggle after that outburst the abuse got worse but I get this at least once a week when I walk to the to the EL the bank so I have never called a black man or woman a nigger bet I get blasted or removed or censored for that but I get called hillbilly a lets get THAT and a myriad of other race specific names have even been assaulted for being white and standing up for myself am a by the way I have OTHER stories about my lovely experience living in the next So how am I a I grew up in and never had problems or saw had violence perpetrated against me I came here So tell me again how I am a My LAST question WHEN DID come to such a SAD My suggestion is to get out of it will be a pure in the coming depression. Go back to the economy is much better and race relations are as well. oh joy Trump to dump 40 million and open season on rioting its True TRUMP WILL MAKE GREAT AGAIN Guillotine ready Why Burn your houses down And your can we all just get along seen how well having a black president worked out Thank God I live where its cold and the black populous is to a minimal Thank God all you do is kill each other anyway Will the HUMAN RACE ever grow This is so stupid. Does a cat hate the Blue because its a different Does and Setter hate the Black Lab because. . . people are the most unreasonable. . . this has been going on since humans became self aware. Will we ever Not in our genes. Peter Actually the good fences make good neighbors tendency toward self segregation followed by more or less peaceful voluntary trade appears more or less and its only the radical liberal cultural that is making this unworkable in the west this is mostly to blame on the of one particular tribe thats white when it benefits them but who hold no actual allegiance to the white we all know who they Do you think maybe GOD knew what he was doing when he segregated races by Peter That is certainly a valid way to look at it. Some people view the order of the universe as through an impersonal nature and others consider it a conscious design by an intelligent creator. In the end there is little practical difference when it comes to the specifics like since either way it worked before we broke it. some of us are dated outside my and I miss my buds of the past who I spent time with who fellow typical want democracy but only if and when it suits them woody This country needs a good bring it on We need LA Riots everywhere with police standing down. Id love for them to bring the riots to the nice white liberal neighborhoods where those agent provocateurs riling up minorities always tend to hide after they fan the flames. If anyone needs to pay its white liberals. been playing puppet master for far too long using racial politics against conservative white people. Time is coming where were going to have to put the boots to their throats or force the minorities to kick their teeth in. Black folks will be There is no bag limit on dumb niggers. Peter Indeed. The ones that long ago accepted the cultural superiority of the west are allies. They cant choose what genes born with but they can side with good against radical liberal insanity. AMEN Sanders was born and raised in the New City borough of and graduated from the University of in 1964. While a he was an active civil rights protest organizer for the CONGRESS OF RACIAL EQUALITY and STUDENT COORDINATING COMMITTEE. ran to in to get away from BLACKS to raise HIS family in SAFETY Sanders switched BETRAYED the and instigates the Blacks and then RUNS AWAY. In Sanders led a rally at the University of administration building to protest university president Wells Beadles segregated campus housing policy. We feel it is an intolerable situation when and white students of the university cannot live together in Sanders said at the protest. But then Sanders ran to SAFE WHITE to raise HIS children far away from those Blacks he wants you to live with. my mate Is getting HOURLY. on the . two days ago new bought after earning was my previous months paycheck little Last month of work a days extra open doors weekly. paychecks.. its the easiest work I have ever Do.. I Joined This 7 months ago and now making over More right Here . . This is the classic lets get dumb ass to do the dirty work for us trick. This dude is being played by the same people who will drop his ass on the street when done with him. Inciting race wars and turning people against each other. This dude is a total looser. The only rapping he should do is with some tape around his mouth. Someone give this dude a hug and ask him if hes making the world a better place by being a dick. Jolly Roger This moron is just a paid by rich people to incite racial with the usual hollow threats designed to intimidate white people as part of their ongoing agenda. We want to work. We want to go to school. We demand to be handed everything we and if we get well attack white people. Shut you and go back to your zoo. No intelligent debate. No civilized discussion. Just a gang of RACIST thugs trying to intimidate people based on their skin color. Tell me more about equality. I hate to or even respond to a racist but these useful idiots may make it necessary. Just be ready to mow em down along with the just in case they make that necessary. just might get his ass shot. L Is that an admission of or shall we produce his test scores to prove I thought all lives mattered until this dumb nigger started talking. Now I wonder. They are being programmed by to be agent provocateurs to create racial tension to allow for martial law to occur in order to keep the establishment as is. will insure this if elected. To help payoff my I worked as a teacher in troubled neighborhoods for ten years. During those ten years I saw delinquents call each other hundreds of times every single school day. If I had done it I would have been fired that same day. They punched each stole from each and from the vandalized the threw brand new text books out the window but the state and federal funds continued to pour very much contrary to popular belief. They actually got more money then the nicer areas. When I was finally able to move to a good school I believe it. When I told the children to take a a book and read quietly they actually did it. No you good actually hear your own thats how quiet it And you can find some schools with white student population. I was never a racist but this was too much. The difference is Unfortunately if you notice a obvious behavioral difference between you are labeled as some kind of a bad person and the general public has learned to accept this word racist as derogatory regardless of the evidences that may and we all know that they do exist. This denial has successfully forced illogical the destruction of our liberty and country and the rise of economic fascist billionaires. the only billionaire to go against is fellow elites is being completely typecast as the rich white guy that must be a racist. He is probably the one and only chance the middle class and the poor class will ever see again for justice in this country. The last man to have had his courage was President To actually be a one must learn to be one. They have plenty of role models to copy. Its a matter of choice. nobody what a dumb be a hoot watching video of these tough getting their butts after they destroy mostly their own and if were lucky a few other choice places. we will incite riots everywhere if trump wins we know if trump well have to get jobs to pay food etc. and being societal we want actual just free Culture is learned in the and in school. Granny was on total so was so is so is my daddy and he is. So why I has all this white shit in I quit when 16 and be the the be me month that I can sell beer and cigarettes. we got it made. They will stay in the cry What government really fears is when other than people of were to take to the streets. Thats why the government and the controlled media hide the truth about racist crime perpetrated against other than people of color. When other than people of color awakens to the truth about crimes against and riots of their kind would pale against the response levied against the government for allowing the crimes against other than people of color to continue as it does today. The Civil Rights Act of 1964 DOES NOT offer any protection for other than people of color. Thats NOT was it was passed Other than people of color have NO federal or state protections against injustice and inequality. The 14th amendment and the civil rights act of 1964 made their rights equal to the white man. If the white man is they are equal to nothing. They will have no rights. We are all slaves to the debt slaves. That is precisely why the libs began the fake and to erode the 1st amendment. You are surely as you called it not make a hill of difference where or were just born to have failed to look at the true one who has you the last 8 years in the liberals and there you have become pawns working for course you have not realized that the true one wins this and he will. You can then say wished I had listened to you. D Urge Hes right WE have been too nice. TRUMP 2016 not sure this person of knows what the are up against if it comes down to The inner city shit holes they are seemingly incapable of building up into prospering are NOT the rest of the US from my travels there. YAWN please pass the popcorn THE WHITES OF BE PREPARED TO BE EXTERMINATED. Ed I see flame throwers . this show how are. almost makes one want to tell the trump campaign how to beat the voting fix. where are these guys and gals going to wreak in the cities where unarmed gay and mainly democrats black and poor people in general. poop where you that is a controlled serf. show how your an banker slave. when you get to the rural the and rural people will be waiting. you wont stand a against the unified rural people. after following the banking to destroy yourself and your families based on unknown do you think be going to for following the marching to divide and conquer. killing people who have any more say than because a banker said it was priceless. That would be instant death for the 14th amendment black United States citizens. This country was created by old white men to protect the white race. This is why the run media are promoting the blacks to riot. In fact black folks if your going to go after a group you might want to think about going after the in the media. As the ones that have set you up to fail. Heres a sweet piece of history the majority of the know. the General Secretary of the World in his 1912 book A racial program for the 20th Century. read into the Congressional Record by Congressman House of Representatives 4th District on Volume top of page penned We must realize that our most powerful weapon is racial tension. By propounding into the consciousness of the dark races that for centuries they have been oppressed by the we can them to the program of minority against the we will endeavor to instill in the whites a guilt complex for their exploitation of the We will aid the to rise in prominence in every walk of in the professions and in the world of sports and entertainment. With this the will be able to intermarry with the whites and begin a process which will deliver to our cause. So black folks before you embark on a suicide mission learn some real history and the true cause of your plight. As your anger is miss directed and you will be engaged as belligerents and enemy combatants. Live in be and do your homework before you attempt something rash and dangerous. Rick Its coon hunting season once I know what color you are but I do know you are a Fucking Nigger you will know what it feels to be without hope just as I felt since you Voted into office That Fucking Ass Kissing Brother of the Brotherhood who did all he could do except suck the Dick of the King of on National all while trying to completely destroy but he learn enough in school regarding the Constitution of the Soon Trump will be writing down names kicking ASS Clean Not only do Trumpets have the tactical military and are stockpiling grenades and other weapons been WAITING FOR THE DAY they can legally open fire on blacks and liberals for DECADES. They are SO ready Trump says he will pay their legal fees and they feel What a loser is what you get when raise your children with beat and threaten your you get violent minds who see no other way but to threaten other people and perpetrate on them what was done to them by their own its white peoples fault your life sucks. amazing how many blacks are able to live life like the rest of us in peace . but you cant manage it so it must be someone fault who do white people blame when their lives Well just remember there are ten times as many whites well as blacks and your not exactly on good terms with the as well. Self immolation is just not a good way to go. But go for burn baby burn. They will destroy one liquor one Best Buy and one Footlocker at a That is the PROPERTY of This moron should go visit Sanders in Sanders was born and raised in the New City borough of and graduated from the University of in 1964. While a he was an active civil rights protest organizer for the CONGRESS OF RACIAL EQUALITY and STUDENT COORDINATING COMMITTEE. ran to in to get away from BLACKS to raise HIS family in SAFETY Sanders switched BETRAYED the and instigates the Blacks and then RUNS AWAY. In Sanders led a rally at the University of administration building to protest university president Wells Beadles segregated campus housing policy. We feel it is an intolerable situation when and white students of the university cannot live together in Sanders said at the protest. But then Sanders ran to SAFE WHITE to raise HIS children far away from those Blacks he wants you to live with. He just qualified as a DOMESTIC claims Congress must do its Constitutional DUTY by accepting his but REFUSES to do HIS Constitutional DUTY of evicting illegal invaders and securing OUR borders during a time of war on terror. is the Chief Executive. PRIMARY CONSTITUTIONAL DUTY is to enforce the yet he REFUSES to do so. our politicians take oaths to uphold the LAW and the Constitution. When they REFUSE when they openly DEFY and circumvent the they FORFEIT their Governmental Immunity. Every Politician who goes on record as supporting ILLEGAL INVADERS should be held financially responsible for PAYING REPARATIONS for the crimes done by the ILLEGALS. Start CIVIL FORFEITURE on the assets of Politicians that cover for ILLEGAL INVADERS. RESOURCES
8. . The purpose of Inform and Influence Operations is not to provide a or lay out a policy. It is defined as the ability to make audiences think and act in a manner favorable to the mission objectives. This is done through applying perception management techniques which target the audiences and techniques are not geared for debate. It is to overwhelm and change the target psyche. Using these techniques information sources can be manipulated and those that or think counter to the objective are relegated as or irrelevant. Global US Psychological Warfare in . W hat if the and clamor that the world has seen in the presidential campaign were part and parcel of an Inform and Influence Operation against to determine the election Bear with me for a moment as I lay out the proofs. The quote above is from an early 2015 article with the author showing what it could look like in the civilian world. What would we usurp or destroy the information. The please is the ultimate objective of That will directly impact the process of the leader who is the ultimate target. Harding or and Influence as defined by the US Army includes the fields of psychological operations and military deception. All of this is used in the civilian world the same way by private contractors. In this private contractors were hired to focus their capacity to influence the population. This is proven and you deserve a step by step look at it if you are voting. What Project shows is damning evidence of what I have been documenting in the series articles since spring 2016. By using mainstream they started an integrated approach which includes influencing their political opponents decision making. Media is given messages that follow the same themes and fill the entire information space by using an across the board effort. The effort drowns out any other message. According to the this has been happening throughout the election cycle to benefit Rather than informing voters to enrich democracy the mainstream media has developed a feedback loop between support for particular candidates and the political agenda they intend to support. The freedom of the press is necessary for a democracy to function. The article further points out that it was the media that helped rig the primaries against Sanders. has clearly shown the interplay between mainstream media and the campaign. And they have shown clearly that most of the mainstream media are working to influence the election . This goes beyond partisan electioneering. All of this follows the exact a well planned Information Operation against the public . As Secretary of was also the Board Member of the . The Board of run Free Radio Most of the appointed by the President of the United are the who of powerful media moguls in and radio. Appointment to the is like being awarded an ambassador position for the media industry. Its also why big media carries the same line or themes. The 7th member of the board of directors which runs is . He is a longtime friend and mentor to retired Brigadier general Harding. He provides Harding a lot of access and influence in media. background is public relations. He is an expert in and operations. His and strategist on public diplomacy and international media . He has worked on traditional and emerging security issues with both civilian and military government news think and academia across several continents. In what appears to be a conflict of at least two board members are working actively for the presidential campaign. is helping refine and to get message out. All of them are names to watch if wins and key jobs at the and other federal agencies are up for grabs. According to her founded the New Foundations Work and Family Program and is a senior fellow for Digital Policy at the Council on Foreign Relations. has written extensively about technology and family policy for The The New Times and The Post . New Times columnist Brooks cited her Democracy article Families focused on juggler families as one of the best magazine articles of 2006. is the President and Chief Executive Officer of a staunch and may get a greater role if she is elected . is a member of the Public Relations Hall of Fame. hired after the scandal broke in 2011. chairman of the and Universal Filmed Entertainment is supporting a secondary role by being an honor roll donor to the Council . While the is supposed to be neutral it has continuously helped increase tensions in Eastern While giving to the Council may not be illegal while in his the Councils main effort is to ignite a war with This may set up a major conflict of interest. According to journalist Parry The people that will be taking senior positions and especially in foreign policy believe This consensus is driven by a backlash against a president who has repeatedly stressed the dangers of overreach and the need for especially in the Middle East. Parry goes on to say that at the forefront of this is the a think tank associated with Their main goal is a major confrontation with The Council is the think tank for the and Eastern which is associated with The has only one goal. The question it poses to candidates that mattered is Are you willing to go to war with has received their unqualified support throughout the campaign. While the rest of the board support proposed policy of closing the wants it because it will mean direct conflict with first foray into politics led to genocide and made the way for setting up training camps in has been friendly with for as long as she has had a national political career. According to US Special Forces on the ground in training the there are NO moderates to train . Green Berets are forced to train that they know will eventually attack us. Support our Give them honorable missions. They deserve As you go through the above the information is staggering. Shown are large groups of people strategically located in swing states that will do anything to get her elected. The question is we have a two party system. If you say you are people have at least a general idea of what you mean. For its no different. There are different kinds of politics that fit easily under each umbrella. But the point is they are recognizable and we know where they stand on issues. Tell what are is a political party and set of beliefs just like Republican or Democrat. The reason I am asking is that you cant tell me. The odds are you heard about it before. When the Council or The Project for the New Century takes all the senior positions in the White it will be filled with and similar political partisans for the first time without dissenting voices. Unity to act when required has been the mantra this cannot be disputed . As time moves we see that things take a natural course. We see that two wings of the and are working actively on the international working in partnership and currently are in strong negotiations about becoming a single entity again. The political party started under and their political beliefs are quite literally In the they swore undying loyalty to and the Diaspora was directing battalions from secretly even as other were fighting them. The is the head of thought in and now they want to celebrate their totalitarian beliefs with them. If you disagree with totalitarian you are the enemy. After a brief description of what kind of beliefs the people have from the Council that are taking up cabinet the proof it is happening now follows. The were the that manned the concentration camps during the Holocaust. They successfully murdered 3 million war prisoners by starving them to death. The killed over 250,000 500,000 and committed the first Holocaust at Today the is funding and running the volunteer battalions raping and killing in the same way. They and the other group leaders are also behind buying the media headlines and damage and the Information Operation against today. If you want to know what politics will look like within a few look at There are people who live who do not feel fully accepted as a and here there is a phenomenon which I call nationalism. . members of the diaspora create for themselves an image of the home which is a stronger emotional investment than the country in which they live One negative consequence of the diaspora experience is the emergence of what calls diaspora participation in the politics in the country with which they identify can often be and their impact can be felt through the funding of particular political nationalist and even weapons and nationalist monuments in Anders With the field day the and paid media had with Trump over they forgot to tell you that supporting hired Duke in as a professor of history and sent their kids to learn there. Almost all politicians have been through this fascist education system known as . The and other ethnics are the people that will fill the senior foreign and domestic cabinet positions. leader also took responsibility of making sure the received the proper secondary education at nationalist in From the enrollment in this educational system has skyrocketed into the hundreds of thousands. Today almost all members of the current government are graduates of this ideological system that was taught to them by moderates like Duke who is also a graduate of the system. I do care about social and economic issues affecting every but given the war in there is only one issue that we as must focus . The issue trumps all other personal A vote for Trump is a vote against When it comes to are a statistically unorganized voting group. The Central and East Coalition is a coalition of organizations that represent their countries of a voting group of over 20 million people. The Congress Committee of and the National Association are member organizations of the of East and Central heritage can make a significant difference and influence the election result if their attention is focused. Weekly The Presidential Can We Make A Difference response is she will defend Even though it has no eastern or northern border to defend. She has guaranteed to start a war with if she is elected. Not only is buying the media through these second but they are hiring former military professionals to deny pertinent information from voters and disrupt her political opponents message. At the same they are paying an across the board mainstream media to simultaneously publish articles and video that lift her campaign and drown out alternate messages. noted this when it exposed the campaigns program to incite violence and obfuscate the point. The Post example of this is Editors Trump regularly incites political violence and is a serial liar rampant xenophobe racist misogynist and who has repeatedly pledged to ban all 1.6 billion members of an entire religion from entering the We understand the camp has hired and of we also understand the has done the same. We just do not know if Trump has followed suit. From a counterintelligence this is confusing as heck. One of the really neat things about this election is seeing all my information operations and information warfare friends on social contributing and looking darned Theirs is normally the voice of and intelligence. Harding By systematically and continually attacking the voters are being treated in the same way our government treats countries they overthrow . The right to make an informed vote has been denied to support any particular candidate. What does an Inform and Influence Operation entail against the Read the following carefully. The term refers to anyone that disagrees with whom he is working for. In this he works for the This also covers Every media outlet or journalist writing about these subjects that carrying the line he lays out is the enemy. These are the tactics being used today during the election. I am building a database of planners and anyone wanting to be involved with special activities I will call inform and influence activities. I have received a few different suggestions to help organize operations of all sorts against elements. No government assistance or funding. This skirts legalities. This is not explicitly illegal and it may not even be at this point. That area extends a long way. I am only trying to assess the availability of people willing to participate in such efforts. equipment and facility offers are also appreciated. If you would like to be included in my please send a tailored resume to If you think this is possible this has been going on around you for a long time. look at the credentials of retired Brigadier General Harding and decide for yourself. But first look at what he promises he can do for you when you hire him. Information operations and also known as influence includes the collection of operational and strategic information about a competitor as well as the dissemination of information and propaganda in pursuit of a competitive advantage over an competitor or adversary in the government or military realm. It is our job to maximize your advantages over your competitor while minimizing your competitor. We work on the national level down to the individual level. We seek to give you every advantage possible in order to advance your increase your and maximize your standing in your field. Harding spent 26 years in the Army his first nine years were spent as an enlisted mostly in Special as an SF qualified communicator and on an After completing his then received his commission as an Infantry Officer and after four years transitioned to the Military Intelligence Corps. In the mid was working in the Joint Staff in support of special where he began working in the new field called Information Operations. Eligible Receiver 1997 was his trial by after that he became the Joint Staff liaison for to the and other assorted agencies in the working as the intelligence lead on the Joint Staff Response Cell for Solar Sunrise and Moonlight Maze . followed this by a tour at and then working in both and intelligence. Specializing in Information Warfare for the past months. advisor and subject matter expert on Information Strategic Communication and Public Diplomacy with more than 19 years policy in and PD. 35 years experience in broader defense and national security matters. I have lectured all over the world about Information Warfare and and have spoken at numerous conferences. I am currently focusing on the information war with a simultaneous heavy emphasis on the accompanying hybrid war. I currently teach classes about Information Warfare and a second class on Information Public Strategic Electronic Operational Special Forces and Special Operations. Primary author National Strategy for Information submitted in 2015 and again in 2016. With his no guess work is needed to understand how effective his friends are. Before going ask yourself if this is what elections are supposed to As a litmus test take name out and put down what is known just through in a list. Put and ask yourself would this be an acceptable Add whats been shown here. Is there an acceptable If any of them would be sorry like many others you drank the already. seen how our activists and celebrities have completely sold their souls to support something no person with an iota of morality would do. seen them say and do things to derail candidates who would have been a million times better for those less fortunate around us. Its unfortunate most pretend to fight the to act like they love the people more than they love the struggle and the relevance that it brings them. I am not one of those and I wont continue to be until the good Lord takes me. is not a But every position of relevance will be filled with people that really are political They are technically integral nationalists. They look down on democracy in any form. At least now you know what kind of government you are voting for. Regardless of who there are 2000 and rockets pointed my waiting for this election to be over. I am an that lives in and wrote many of the early breaking stories and much of the background about the conflict in If you cannot objectively look and see a more sophisticated version of what happened here through 2014 is going I cant help you. Soon the will order the volunteer battalions to start killing civilians on a large scale again. I will go back to reporting on the war. If all these things being I would keep it simply about policy. is not an enemy of the United States. I believe I am witnessing a quiet coup that demands legality in If this Information Operation is allowed to win the 2016 then elections are fruitless. Every other election will be based on the same strategy. They will have to be for any candidate to win. Your your your informed choice will no longer matter. The practitioner kills dissent. Thats their job. only doing their job. l in He writes content and optimizes web based businesses across the globe for organic search technical and design strategies. He is also a large project construction specialist. When happened it became known that he was a locked high rad specialist with a penchant for climbing. He was paid to climb a reactor at a sister plant to 3 because of a million dollar mistake. His now works in project safety.
Share T he problem is while helpful to have the empires managers show their true her narrative is a distorted simplification bearing all the vices of her political prejudices and the script favored by the US ruling class. Consider just one of her major tossed about casually and sure to be swallowed whole by the perennially clueless That The Soviet Union invaded The did not invade . The progressive and government that promptly moved to advance gave women full and unrestricted civil and in general was trying to bring the nation out of the middle ages which could care invited the Soviets to come as it was meeting stiff resistance to its reforms by the entrenched landlords and reactionary clerics in the countryside. accepted the invitation because it also suited its valid objective of not allowing the to plant another huge military base on the Central part of the encirclement of the US has been carrying out for many decades. The invitation is similar and as genuine as the invitation by the Government of to come in and fight against the an authority to set foot on soil which the and their multiple sordid accomplices in mayhem in the Middle totally lack. Contrast this with actions in where it first refused to recognize the right of the newly independent to a free election they knew the communists led by Ho Chi would win by a huge and then simply invaded that nation under trumped up pretexts of closer you inspect the US government the clearer it becomes it is a tissue of cynical big professional and myths and in the service of sordid and criminal goals the elites can never admit to the women college a total novelty in sporting Western etc. Afghan women as in 1979. The communist government in power then the Peoples Democratic party of actually liberated Afghan women from centuries old customs that effectively enslaved them to husband and society. As Western bourgeois feminists have said virtually nothing about the tremendous losses suffered by women and children as a result of intervention in on the side of the most reactionary sectors of society. ALL IMAGE PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE NOT THE AUTHORS
The Report By Published 2016 L XVI needed a Napoleon needed two historic military the Empire in the New World needed multiple the Czar needed a communist the and Ottoman Empires needed World War needed World War Imperial Japan needed two atomic the Empire in needed a military coup at the Soviet Empire needed What will the Empire tribunal. A new one is in order to try most of the political media barons and their and similar agents of endless and imperialism for the past 100 years. I believe anyone will consciously launch World War III. The situation now is more like the eve of World War when great powers were armed and ready to go when an incident set things off. Ever since naively ended the Cold the hugely United States has been actively surrounding with weapons aggressive military expansion. At the same in recent years the of has reached war propaganda levels. have every reason to believe that the United States is preparing for war against and are certain to take defensive measures. This mixture of excessive military preparations and propaganda against an evil enemy make it very easy for some trivial incident to blow it all up. author of Queen of The Misadventures of ALL IN THE FAMILY Just all of just pals. Its all been such a joyful ride. Obviously neither nor or find anything amiss in celebrating W one of the worst criminals in modern history. W. Bush Presidential Library and Museum on the campus of Southern Methodist University in 2013. Official White House Photo by In 2013 President stood before the United Nations General Assembly and I believe is exceptional. The following year at the the president classified as one of the three threats to the world along with the State and the virus. On March 2015 President declared an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. speaking at the in addressing the United States re its foreign Do you realize what you have Since the end of World War the United States Attempted to overthrow more than 50 foreign most of which were Dropped bombs on the people of more than 30 countries. Attempted to assassinate more than 50 foreign leaders. Attempted to suppress a populist or nationalist movement in 20 countries. Grossly interfered in democratic elections in at least 30 Plus although not easily quantified has been more involved in the practice of torture than any other country in the world for over a century not just performing the actual but teaching providing the and furnishing the equipment. chapter 18 of Rogue A Guide to the Worlds Only Superpower On 2016 was voted off the Human Rights Council. At the same time won a second uncontested. Does anyone know email A million refugees from warfare are currently running from and from and from and is taking in many refugees because of its World War Two guilt. What will the United States do in the future because of its But are not raised to feel such guilt. The Plan is for the United States to rule the world. The overt theme is but it is ultimately a story of domination. It calls for the United States to maintain its overwhelming superiority and prevent new rivals from rising up to challenge it on the world stage. It calls for dominion over friends and enemies alike. It says not that the United States must be more or most but that it must be absolutely powerful. Dick West Point 2002 Two flew over the cuckoos We as a matter of empirical fact and undeniable the greatest force for good the world has ever known. security and freedom for millions of people around the globe have depended on military and diplomatic might. Dick and Why the world needs a powerful State Department spokesperson Mark must go even if goes with him. Many of the moves the administration has made in terms of its policy are in lockstep with Bill as expressed in the recommendations of a 1999 task force report from the Council on Foreign Relations. The report asserted that no change in policy should have the primary effect of or appearing to the political status quo on the island. A successful regime change operation in would cut across definite interests of the state. These include the likely use of as a new pipeline route to bring gas from to the thereby undercutting largest corporation and biggest exporter. refusal to consider such a route played no small role in pouring billions of dollars in arms and funds into the civil war on behalf of forces. War with will be nuclear. has prepared for it. has abandoned the created what it thinks is an and changed its war doctrine to permit US nuclear first strike. All of this is obviously directed at and the government knows it. How long will sit there waiting for first 2014 signed the nuclear accords with the United States earlier this year by agreeing to stop what it never was doing. Any nuclear real or is of course a result of hostility towards and not the other way around. If the Union were an independent and rational government it would absolutely forbid any member country from stockpiling nuclear weapons or hosting a US missile site or any other military base anywhere close to borders. Full Spectrum Dominance a term the Pentagon loves to use to refer to total control of the outer space and cyberspace. Can you imagine any other country speaking this Henry at the Peace 1970. I refuse to believe that a little fourth rate power like North does not have a breaking point. In released a cable sent to US embassies by Secretary of State She wrote remains a critical financial support for the and other terrorist groups worldwide. Surely this resulted in at least sanctions of various kinds. It did not. US General Because so far reaction to aggression has been to send a handful of forces to the to demonstrate which has only convinced that the alliance is either unable or unwilling to fight. So we had better change his calculus pretty and contest stated doctrine that he is willing to intervene militarily in other countries to protect people. For Gods the last time we heard that was just before invaded the my dear we heard that repeatedly in 1978 when the United States invaded the tiny nation of to protect and rescue hundreds of who supposedly were in danger from the new leftist government. It was all a no more than an excuse to overthrow a government that believe that the Empire was Gods gift to humanity. Since the United States has intervened in the affairs of fourteen at worst invading or bombing them. They are chronological and now How our horror Radio Address of W. The regime possesses biological and chemical is rebuilding the facilities to make more according to the could launch a biological or chemical attack in as little as 45 minutes after the order is given. The regime has and continuing ties to terrorist and there are terrorists inside This regime is seeking a nuclear and with fissile material could build one within a year. Yet just six weeks before Rice told Lets remember that his country is in effect. He does not control the northern part of his country. We are able to keep his arms from him. His military forces have not been rebuilt. The fact is that there is more participation by the population in the running of their country than there is by the population in the running of theirs. One important reason is the absence of the numerous private corporations in the United exert great influence over all aspects of life. The is frantically surrounding China with military advanced naval fleets and a multitude of military bases from South and the through several nearby smaller Pacific islands to its new and enlarged base in The naval aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines patrol Chinas nearby waters. surveillance drones and spying satellites cover the creating a symbolic darkness at noon. A. Hegemony vs. had never voluntarily left The leader a native of the had donated to in 1954. were always strongly opposed to that change and voted overwhelmingly to rejoin after the coup in 2014. President refers to the army as foreign which does not pursue national interests. The United insists on labeling the action in as an invasion. re Our western partners created the precedent with their own hands. In a situation absolutely the same as the one in they recognized secession from legitimate while arguing that no permission from a central authority for a unilateral declaration of independence is necessary And the International Court of Justice agreed with those arguments. Thats what they thats what they trumpeted all over the world and coerced everyone to accept and now they are complaining about Why is The absurdity of it Even a moron knows that if is going to put tanks and troops into will put in enough to do the job. The war would be over in a few days if not in a few hours. As himself said some months if the military enters the news will not be the fate of or but the fall of and In a major examination of US policy published in March the authoritative Council on Foreign Relations bluntly declared that there is no real prospect of building fundamental peaceful mutual a strategic or a new type of major country relations between the United States and China. The United the report develop the political will and military capabilities to deal with China to protect vital interests. John F. changed the mission of the military from hemispheric defense an outdated relic of World War II to internal which means war against the domestic population. baseball players who are paid a million dollars to play for an team are not a word which has a clear political connotation. was acceptable to and because he was seen as a pliable figure that allowed Western capital free rein in the newly opened territory following the collapse of the Soviet Union. era was also a time of rampant corruption by oligarchs who were closely associated with Western capital. That corrosive culture came to a halt with the election of twice as president between and again in 2012. Many leaders were former military officers who were imprisoned by troops. The fight against its against at the next level it against its against at the next it against its against the country most likely to stand in the way of US world And its forever. Connecting to the would mean channeling all of communications directly to the W. Bush has been living a comparatively quiet life in with a focus on his paintings. trying to leave something he said a couple of years ago. We can stand up some of the paintings against the large piles of dead bodies. would be much better 30 years we had let continue its war in The mistake was made by the Carter administration which was trying to stop the from their invasion of Wed be better off had we let the beat the 2014 Wed be even better off if we overthrown the secular Afghan giving rise to the in the first place and inciting the to intervene on their border lest the Soviet population was stirred up. The former Secretary of State in an interview in 1998 summed up exactly what the US thinks of the The plays a very important role. But if we like we always have the option of following our own national security which I assure you we will do if we like whats going on. She is now a advisor to A leader taking his nation to war is as dysfunctional in the family of humankind as an abusive parent is in an individual family. It would be some time before I fully realized that the United States sees little need for diplomacy. Power is enough. Only the weak rely on diplomacy The Roman Empire had no need for diplomacy. Nor does the United States. of the United Nations from 1992 to 1996 Interventions are not against dictators but against those who try to not against in but not against in but the not against in but not against in but not against dictators but not against the shah in but etc. principal founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies No mention was made that had been safe and sound under President even privileged until President Bush invaded and destroyed We can expect the same fate for if the protection of the regime is torn away by the uprising. We will then shed crocodile tears for 2014 Power is the capacity to silence the debate on Power. We need a trial to judge all those who bear significant responsibility for the past century the most murderous and ecologically destructive in human history. We could call it the air and fiscal crimes tribunal and we could put politicians and and major media owners in the dock with earphones like and make them listen to the evidence of how they killed millions of people and almost murdered the planet and made most of us far more miserable than we needed to be. Of we have time to go after them one by one. Wed have to lump Wall Street investment bankers in one the Council on Foreign Relations in and any remaining Business School or Law graduates in a third. We need this for only for edification. So there would be no capital but rather banishment to an overseas factory with a vow of perpetual silence. Smith I have come to think of the export of democracy as the contemporary equivalent of what missionaries have always done in the interest of conquering and occupying the uncivilized world on behalf of the powers that be. I have said that the church invented the concept of conversion by any including torture and killing of as doing the victims a big since it was in the interest of saving their immortal souls. It is now democratization. It is more or less impossible to commemorate the war dead without glorifying and it is impossible to glorify them without glorifying their wars. Any part of this report may be disseminated without provided attribution to as author and a link to is provided. ALL IMAGE PULL QUOTES AND COMMENTARY BY THE NOT THE AUTHORS PLEASE COMMENT AND DEBATE DIRECTLY ON OUR GROUP CLICK HERE ABOUT THE AUTHOR Veteran political analyst and foreign policy critic Bill is the author of Rogue among other books. Note to Due to severe hacking attacks in the recent past that brought our site down for up to 11 days with considerable loss of we exercise extreme caution in the comments we as the comment box has been one of the main arteries to inject malicious code. Because of that comments may not appear but rest assured that if you are a legitimate commenter your opinion will be published within 24 hours. If your comment fails to and you wish to reach us send us a mail What will it take to bring to live according to its own NOTHING TO EVERYTHING TO free safe invaluable If you appreciate our do the right thing and let us know by subscribing. Its free and it implies no obligation to you ever. We just want to have a way to reach our most loyal readers on important occasions when their input is necessary. In return you get our email newsletter compiling the best of The Post several times a week.
The result of the 2016 election has thrown this country for a loop. Some celebrate the win of Trump while others continue to mourn the current presidents ultimate transition of power. A number of are excited to see what a will do in a political while others are worried that he will maintain the antics that awarded him the Oval Office. The country continues to experience a great divide that has many trapped between fear and previous perspective of the according to included a series of victories and a country on an incline. others disagree by saying President is the worst thing to ever happen to the White House. many of these same people believe racism did not exist until he became president. In the same others feel the division which includes and sexual orientation among other issues will increase with the induction of Trump as the leader of the free world. is shrouded in a most pessimism as many within this great country remain trapped between fear and one side of the there are people who are fed up with the mistreatment and injustice they have experienced. These have decided to take matters into their own hands with protests and other questionable behavior patterns. if hope continues to violence will increase and blood will continue to spill in the earth. On the other there are people who embrace the faith of a changed country made great again with the entrance of new authority. As Trump serves as a beacon of hope to his core supporters. He seemingly indulges their ambitions to maintain system of oppression and inspires them in dangerous ways that have the potential to lead to serious consequences. Instead of seeking from all sides are fighting to be right. when hate overpowers no one is order to understand the fear surrounding the election a conversation would need to take place in search of real issues. Not enough people are interested in Onlookers who criticize and judge a generation that is destroying their town as they march through the only serve as fuel for their fury. People have called them animals and all sorts of derogatory without realizing that it is a terrible thing to feel trapped or caged. Before adding insult to it may help if outsiders were more empathetic to their crisis of will not change simply by the transference of it can only be made better by the conveyance of love. It is time for join together and bridge the gap between fear and faith with the spread love as they continue to seek change. things will get many corners of the country and across the the calamity has been met with and sympathy as people from all lifestyles join in a time of celebration and mourning. Even if people are not careful hate will find a way to slide through the cracks. if given the chance love will always view of the election is based on their experiences. Allow them to embrace their feelings and encourage them to find peace. Today the sitting President and met for the first time and did just Because love still trumps by Trump Supporters Saying Give Him A Chance Forget How They Treated President Image Courtesy of Max Image Courtesy of Image Courtesy of License election Hope Protests
2016 They both love to play the gender turning their immense privilege into victim status and dividing the electorate by Tony with her fabled misogyny speech and machine manages to drown out every embarrassment with a new Trump bimbo eruption. The other thing the two ladies have in common is the Foundation which emails now show is an political slush fund. And guess which country was one of its biggest were up there with and The taxpayer at least million into the Foundation and associated entities from 2006 to reaching a peak of million in last year in office. and both involved in the political slush fund that is the Foundation. On the Foundation and the Commonwealth of score separate entries in the group of one rung up from teacher unions. In 2009-10 handed over another million to the foundation for climate part of million he squandered on a Global Carbon Capture and Storage Institute. also donated million of our money to the Global Partnership for Education. Lo and she became chairman in 2014 and has been actively promoting as president ever since in a campaign video last slamming in trumpeting the next woman president and in appearances with girls education. The government topped up the coffers with another million in bringing total to according to a press release from Foreign Minister Bishop. And apart from the beautiful friendship with what did get from the for all that A whole lot of trouble is what. The latest treasure trove of emails released last week shows that green groups have been secretly funded to destroy our coal industry by environmental activists connected to the campaign. Apart from the friendship between and what does get from the Foundation for donating all that A whole lot of trouble is what. The email account of campaign chairman John reveals extraordinary details of the sabotage of the billion in which has damaged national interest and denied cheap electricity to millions of poor Last August John former activist and founder of group the Sunrise sent a crowing email to his the which is also a major donor to the Foundation. Herb and mate funded another progressive the for previously chaired by The mine and the whole Basin fossil fuel industrial complex is in its death wrote in the email forwarded to I am going to buy a few bottles of bubbly for a celebration with the Defenders legal our colleagues at Youth Climate Conservation Market Forces and the brilliant and tireless Sunrise team. In another email forwarded to panics about an government inquiry into environmental charities and discusses hiding Sunrises sources of funding to safeguard its charitable tax status. boasts about the latest legal blow to when the Federal Court overturned its approval and the Commonwealth Bank quit the project. In it he now wants to escalate the campaign towards the other 3 big banks. And he mocks miners who try to claim that there is some kind of and tightly orchestrated conspiracy to systematically destroy the coal industry. seriously know where they get these wacky ideas As if its not bad enough that activists are meddling with our largest export emails also detail their insidious influence on indigenous land owners who blocked the mine using powerful native title rights. This alliance of green groups with native title owners is a frightening development detailed in a new book by historian The of The Real Agenda behind Aboriginal Recognition. He reveals the imminent expansion of native title either approved or quietly being stretch across a whopping 60 per cent of the an area twice the size of Western Already km of the cattle empire in the has been via native to green activists to be converted from productive cattle country to a wildlife conservation area. In the people get a paltry a year writes. As a flora and fauna sanctuary it is economically defunct for the foreseeable future. At writes the upcoming referendum for indigenous constitutional proposed by in could pave the way for a separate Aboriginal state on native title funded by royalties and lease payments passive welfare in another guise. At the very the alliance between funded green groups and indigenous owners gives environmentalists the opportunity to take whole swathes of out of the productive economy and shut down industries they from coal mines in to cattle farms in Western Thanks for and
Print Delicious Pocket Just one week before decides whether or not to elect one of his supporters decided to help get his message out by torching a black church and defacing its wall with the words Vote Trump. When firefighters arrived at Missionary Baptist Church they found it in and the Vote Trump slogan written in silver spray paint on the outside wall of the Mark of Public Broadcasting reports. Mayor calls this a hate crime an attempt to frighten voters just days before the presidential election. Trump has yet to condemn the or even mention it. has been the host of many decades of violence directed at During the Crow acts of terror committed against black was disturbingly common. It seems for at least one Trump the term Make Great Again means returning to that dark time. But rather than let this disgusting display of intolerance be the got to work. In just a verified account was set up by concerned citizens and thousands of dollars began to pour in to help rebuild. Its goal was to raise It likely be enough to repair all of the damages inside and outside of the but it would be a start. people gave over And perhaps even more the entire world appeared ready to reject the deplorable racism and bigotry that led to this act. The campaigns organizer updated the campaign by saying that people from all faiths none at and many countries have Responses have been pouring in from all over the and truly extraordinary. atheists and many from all over the United States and many other countries. And according to of Communications and Policy this campaign is perhaps the fastest growing in the history of the site. This one right here is verified and one of our fastest growing history 2016 A slogan that has often been used to counter Trumps message of cynical bigotry comes to Love trumps hate. Featured image via
The Fight Against Its Against A collection of thoughts about foreign policy By 2016 Information Clearing House XVI needed a Napoleon needed two historic military the Empire in the New World needed multiple the Czar needed a communist the and Ottoman Empires needed World War needed World War Imperial Japan needed two atomic the Empire in needed a military coup at the Soviet Empire needed What will the Empire believe anyone will consciously launch World War III. The situation now is more like the eve of World War when great powers were armed and ready to go when an incident set things off. Ever since naively ended the Cold the hugely United States has been actively surrounding with weapons aggressive military expansion. At the same in recent years the of has reached war propaganda levels. have every reason to believe that the United States is preparing for war against and are certain to take defensive measures. This mixture of excessive military preparations and propaganda against an evil enemy make it very easy for some trivial incident to blow it all up. author of Queen of The Misadventures of 2013 President stood before the United Nations General Assembly and I believe is exceptional. The following year at the the president classified as one of the three threats to the world along with the State and the virus. On March 2015 President declared an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United speaking at the in addressing the United States re its foreign Do you realize what you have the end of World War the United States to overthrow more than 50 foreign most of which were Dropped bombs on the people of more than 30 countries. Attempted to assassinate more than 50 foreign leaders. Attempted to suppress a populist or nationalist movement in 20 countries. Grossly interfered in democratic elections in at least 30 Plus although not easily quantified has been more involved in the practice of torture than any other country in the world for over a century not just performing the actual but teaching providing the and furnishing the equipment. chapter 18 of Rogue A Guide to the Worlds Only 2016 was voted off the Human Rights Council. At the same time won a second uncontested. Does anyone know email million refugee from warfare are currently running from and from and from and is taking in many refugees because of its World War Two guilt. What will the United States do in the future because of its But are not raised to feel such Plan is for the United States to rule the world. The overt theme is but it is ultimately a story of domination. It calls for the United States to maintain its overwhelming superiority and prevent new rivals from rising up to challenge it on the world stage. It calls for dominion over friends and enemies alike. It says not that the United States must be more or most but that it must be absolutely powerful. Dick West Point flew over the cuckoos We as a matter of empirical fact and undeniable the greatest force for good the world has ever known. security and freedom for millions of people around the globe have depended on military and diplomatic might. Dick and Why the world needs a powerful Department spokesperson Mark must go even if goes with of the moves the administration has made in terms of its policy are in lockstep with Bill as expressed in the recommendations of a 1999 task force report from the Council on Foreign Relations. The report asserted that no change in policy should have the primary effect of or appearing to the political status quo on the successful regime change operation in would cut across definite interests of the state. These include the likely use of as a new pipeline route to bring gas from to the thereby undercutting largest corporation and biggest exporter. refusal to consider such a route played no small role in pouring billions of dollars in arms and funds into the civil war on behalf of with will be nuclear. has prepared for it. has abandoned the created what it thinks is an and changed its war doctrine to permit US nuclear first strike. All of this is obviously directed at and the government knows it. How long will sit there waiting for first signed the nuclear accords with the United States earlier this year by agreeing to stop what it never was doing. Any nuclear real or is of course a result of hostility towards and not the other way the Union were an independent and rational government it would absolutely forbid any member country from stockpiling nuclear weapons or hosting a US missile site or any other military base anywhere close to Spectrum a term the Pentagon loves to use to refer to total control of the outer space and cyberspace. Can you imagine any other country speaking this at the Peace 1970. I refuse to believe that a little fourth rate power like North does not have a breaking released a cable sent to US embassies by Secretary of State She wrote remains a critical financial support for the and other terrorist groups worldwide. Surely this resulted in at least sanctions of various kinds. It did General Because so far reaction to aggression has been to send a handful of forces to the to demonstrate which has only convinced that the alliance is either unable or unwilling to fight. So we had better change his calculus pretty and contest stated doctrine that he is willing to intervene militarily in other countries to protect people. For Gods the last time we heard that was just before invaded the my dear we heard that repeatedly in 1983 when the United States invaded the tiny nation of to protect and rescue hundreds of who supposedly were in danger from the new leftist government. It was all a no more than an excuse to overthrow a government that that believe that the Empire was Gods gift to the United States has intervened in the affairs of fourteen at worst invading or bombing them. They are chronological and now our horror Radio Address of W. The regime possesses biological and chemical is rebuilding the facilities to make more according to the could launch a biological or chemical attack in as little as 45 minutes after the order is given. The regime has and continuing ties to terrorist and there are terrorists inside This regime is seeking a nuclear and with fissile material could build one within a year. Yet just six weeks before Rice told Lets remember that his country is in effect. He does not control the northern part of his country. We are able to keep his arms from him. His military forces have not been fact is that there is more participation by the population in the running of their country than there is by the population in the running of theirs. One important reason is the absence of the numerous private corporations in the United exert great influence over all aspects of is frantically surrounding China with military advanced naval fleets and a multitude of military bases from South and the through several nearby smaller Pacific islands to its new and enlarged base in The naval aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines patrol Chinas nearby waters. surveillance drones and spying satellites cover the creating a symbolic darkness at noon. A. Hegemony vs. had never voluntarily left The leader a native of the had donated to in 1954. were always strongly opposed to that change and voted overwhelmingly to rejoin after the coup in 2014. President refers to the army as foreign which does not pursue national interests. The United insists on labeling the action in as an re Our western partners created the precedent with their own hands. In a situation absolutely the same as the one in they recognized secession from legitimate while arguing that no permission from a central authority for a unilateral declaration of independence is necessary And the International Court of Justice agreed with those arguments. Thats what they thats what they trumpeted all over the world and coerced everyone to accept and now they are complaining about Why is The absurdity of it Even a moron knows that if is going to put tanks and troops into will put in enough to do the job. The war would be over in a few days if not in a few hours. As himself said some months if the military enters the news will not be the fate of or but the fall of and a major examination of US policy published in March the authoritative Council on Foreign Relations bluntly declared that there is no real prospect of building fundamental peaceful mutual a strategic or a new type of major country relations between the United States and China. The United the report develop the political will and military capabilities to deal with China to protect vital F. changed the mission of the military from hemispheric defense an outdated relic of World War II to internal which means war against the domestic population. baseball players who are paid a million dollars to play for an team are not a word which has a clear political was acceptable to and because he was seen as a pliable figure that allowed Western capital free rein in the newly opened territory following the collapse of the Soviet Union. era was also a time of rampant corruption by oligarchs who were closely associated with Western capital. That corrosive culture came to a halt with the election of twice as president between and again in leaders were former military officers who were imprisoned by troops. The fight against its against at the next level it against its against at the next it against its against the country most likely to stand in the way of US world And its to the would mean channeling all of communications directly to the W. Bush has been living a comparatively quiet life in with a focus on his paintings. trying to leave something he said a couple of years ago. We can stand up some of the paintings against the large piles of dead would be much better 30 years we had let continue its war in The mistake was made by the Carter administration which was trying to stop the from their invasion of Wed be better off had we let the beat the 2014 Wed be even better off if we overthrown the secular Afghan giving rise to the in the first place and inciting the to intervene on their border lest the Soviet population was stirred former Secretary of State in an interview in 1998 summed up exactly what the US thinks of the The plays a very important role. But if we like we always have the option of following our own national security which I assure you we will do if we like whats going on. She is now a advisor to leader taking his nation to war is as dysfunctional in the family of humankind as an abusive parent is in an individual family. would be some time before I fully realized that the United States sees little need for diplomacy. Power is enough. Only the weak rely on diplomacy The Roman Empire had no need for diplomacy. Nor does the United States. of the United Nations from 1992 to are not against dictators but against those who try to not against in but not against in but the not against in but not against in but not against dictators but not against the shah in but etc. principal founder of the discipline of peace and conflict mention was made that had been safe and sound under President even privileged until President Bush invaded and destroyed We can expect the same fate for if the protection of the regime is torn away by the uprising. We will then shed crocodile tears for Power is the capacity to silence the debate on Power. need a trial to judge all those who bear significant responsibility for the past century the most murderous and ecologically destructive in human history. We could call it the air and fiscal crimes tribunal and we could put politicians and and major media owners in the dock with earphones like and make them listen to the evidence of how they killed millions of people and almost murdered the planet and made most of us far more miserable than we needed to be. Of we have time to go after them one by one. Wed have to lump Wall Street investment bankers in one the Council on Foreign Relations in and any remaining Business School or Law graduates in a third. We need this for only for edification. So there would be no capital but rather banishment to an overseas factory with a vow of perpetual silence. have come to think of the export of democracy as the contemporary equivalent of what missionaries have always done in the interest of conquering and occupying the uncivilized world on behalf of the powers that be. I have said that the church invented the concept of conversion by any including torture and killing of as doing the victims a big since it was in the interest of saving their immortal souls. It is now democratization. is more or less impossible to commemorate the war dead without glorifying and it is impossible to glorify them without glorifying their wars. is an and foreign policy critic. He is the author of Killing Military and Interventions Since World War II and Rogue A Guide to the Worlds Only Superpower among others.
Trump claims the presidential election is drawing condemnation from the establishment which accuses him of undermining faith in democracy. But neither side understands the real says Consortium News The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the worlds gold standard that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The wise men of the system simply insist have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering in Election or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent in Elections 1968 and or when the citizens judgment is overturned by judges in Election in such it is not only the party that benefited which refuses to accept the evidence of but the losing party and the establishment news media as well. Protecting the perceived integrity of the democratic process is paramount. must continue to believe in the integrity of the system even when that integrity has been harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nations but that truth simply cannot be democracy was far from excluding millions of including slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful such as counting slaves as of a person for the purpose of representation obviously slaves unsavory deal enabled to defeat John in the pivotal national election of 1800. In the votes of Southern slave owners like counted substantially more than the votes of Northern after the Civil War when the Constitution was amended to give black men voting the reality for black especially in the was quite different from the new constitutional mandate. Whites in former Confederate states concocted subterfuges to keep blacks away from the polls to ensure continued white supremacy for almost a did not gain suffrage until 1920 with the passage of another constitutional and it took federal legislation in 1965 to clear away legal obstacles that Southern states had created to deny the franchise to the alleged voter fraud in Election concentrated largely in a former Confederate state and home to John vice presidential running could be viewed as an outgrowth of the Souths heritage of rigging elections in favor of the War party of white by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the and earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of by the Democrats once solid South was but who was again the Republican presidential want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. feared that with the War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided President could give the Democratic Vice President a decisive boost by reaching a peace deal with North documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace campaign went behind back to persuade South President van to torpedo peace talks by refusing to attend. emissaries assured that a President would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South had strong evidence of what he privately called treason from wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a 1968 conference call Secretary of State Dean National Security Advisor and Defense Secretary three pillars of the Establishment expressed that with explaining the elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual said. It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of electoral system in especially at the presidential level. The people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that this the major news media will not directly address the issue of treachery in despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the presidential library in In a puckish recognition of this ignored the archivists call the file on sabotage of the peace talks their see on Treason. evidence also strongly suggests that paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his treason top secret documents that had entrusted to at the end of presidency led to creation of the a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the plumbers became public in 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the in the scandal remains the archetypal case of dirty the major news media never acknowledge the link between and far more egregious dirty trick four years sinking peace talks while 500,000 soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of sabotage and his promise to of a more favorable outcome the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to in 1968. The Heinous Crime Behind gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by strange personality. even though resigned in disgrace in he and his National Security Advisor Henry who also had a hand in the peace talk reappear as secondary players in the next case of obstructing a sitting presidents foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 Surprise that President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 hostages then held in revolutionary campaign feared that Carter might pull off an Surprise by bringing home the hostages just before the election. this historical mystery has Did team take action to block Carters testimonial and documentary evidence that team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carters Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding peace talk evidence indicates that campaign director organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages release before Election after apparently consulting with and and aided by former Director who was vice presidential running early the publics obsession with humiliation of the United States and Carters inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after inauguration on his supporters cited the timing to claim that the had finally relented out of fear of by his image as a tough enacted much of his including passing massive tax cuts benefiting the weakening unions and creating the circumstances for the rapid erosion of the Great Middle the the administration signed off on secret arms shipments to mostly through what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for cooperation in getting elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his summer when Assistant Secretary of State for the Middle East learned about the arms shipments to he checked on their origins and later in a was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the could transship to some military equipment. seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of as the had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that early covert arms shipments to evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the with some of the profits getting recycled back to beloved Contra rebels fighting to overthrow leftist many facts of the scandal were revealed by congressional and investigations in the late and early the origins of the relationship was always kept hazy. The Republicans were determined to stop any revelations about the 1980 but the Democrats were almost as reluctant to go congressional inquiry was launched in 1991 and depended heavily on Bush to collect the evidence and arrange interviews for the investigation. In other who was then seeking reelection and who was a chief suspect in the secret dealings with was entrusted with proving his own of the the early the mainstream news media was also tired of the complex scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from to look into the 1980 Surprise which led to a documentary on the subject in by fall just as Congress was agreeing to open an my at along with The New then an elite publication interested in protecting exposure on those early arms went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 Surprise case a but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording attendance at a conference in in which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to to meet with senior regarding the the bogus Republic alibi would eventually be it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the Presidents the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an State Department and White House counsels office saw their jobs as discrediting the incriminating and helping a key witness dodge a congressional I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College confirming that had taken a mysterious trip to in 1980. The confirmation of trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser D. to Associate White House Counsel Chester Beach in early just as the congressional inquiry was taking said that among the State Department material potentially relevant to the Surprise allegations a cable from the embassy indicating that Bill was in for purposes Beach noted in a memorandum for record dated days on White House counsel C. convened an strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President reelection hopes in the Gray laid out how to thwart the Surprise which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel put it the White House goal in 1991 was to this explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. Whatever form they ultimately the House and Senate Surprise like will involve concerns and be of special interest to the President Gray according to minutes . in touchstones cited by Gray were No Surprises to the White and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan. White House talking points on the Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received and a great deal arrived in 1992 and 1993 there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 campaign had conspired with radicals to extend the captivity of 52 in order to ensure election would have undermined the faith of the people in their democratic process and as said in the 1968 would not be good for the 2014 when I sent a copy of memo regarding trip to to former Rep. Lee who had chaired the Surprise inquiry in he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task forces dismissive conclusions about the Surprise White House did not notify us that he did make the trip to told me. Should they have passed that on to They should have because they knew we were interested in if knowledge that had traveled to might have changed the task forces dismissive Surprise said because the question of the trip was key to the task forces the White House knew that was they certainly should have shared it with adding that you have to rely on people in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the failure. With the money and power of the presidency at the idea that Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was nave in the timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. investigative conclusion reinforced the group think dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a conspiracy theory when it was anything but. In the years done anything to change the public impression that the campaign was among the few people who have followed this the Surprise would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored and that some alibis for key Republicans make any sense the dismissive group think remains undisturbed as far as the major media and mainstream historians are concerned. see s Stolen Narrative or Trick or The 1980 Surprise Mystery or Second Thoughts on Surprise. as decision to clear and Bush of the 1980 Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of history. The findings had clear implications for the future as since the public impression about rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest W. in if the full truth had been told about the fathers role in the Surprise and its hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican let alone made a serious run for the White House. if that history were there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush stolen election in Election the evidence is now clear that Vice President Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under law than did W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his Gov. and then on five Republican justices on the Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him electoral votes and thus the reality of Gores rightful victory should have finally become clear in 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under law were between the disputed election and the release of those the attacks had so The New The and other leading outlets did not want the people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. telling the people that fact amid the crisis would not be good for the senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery that the in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of were considered for the that registered on antiquated voting machines. would be counted under law which bases its standards on clear intent of the instead of leading with Gores rightful the news organizations concocted around partial recounts that still would have given narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious that a historic injustice had the day that the news organizations ran those I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gores victory. In a story that I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for the good of the much as team had done in 1968 regarding sabotage of the peace talks and inquiry had done regarding the 1980 Surprise a couple of hours of my posting the article at I received an irate phone call from The New Times media writer Felicity who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of executive editor I got the impression that Barringer had been on the for some deviant story that accept the conventional this violation of objective and professional journalism bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the misleading into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 even if the medias motivation was to maintain national unity following the attacks the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the including the diversionary invasion of under false pretenses. The headlines of 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. the details of how a full recount would have given Gore the White see Gores Victory So Bush Did Steal the White House and Bush v. Gores Dark Decade. Phalanx of Misguided back on these examples of candidates manipulating there appears to be one common after the stolen the media and political establishments quickly line shoulder to to assure the people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful losers are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters will had been ignored or Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme who stopped the counting of ballots in on the as Justice that a count that showed Gore winning the Courts majority was already planning to award the White House to would undermine Rep. is regarded as a modern wise in because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the that ruffle too many the cumulative effect of all these and lies uttered for the good of the country is to corrode the faith of many about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many or in this assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the when Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against many choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late complaints about rigged elections are more in line with the white Southerners during suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they succeed at stealing the election from white is a racist undertone to Trumps version of a rigged democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. Hes just not honest about what those flaws hard truth is that the political process is not gold it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the reporter broke many of the stories for The Associated Press and in the You can buy his latest Stolen either in print here or as an Amazon and
By XVI needed a Napoleon needed two historic military the Empire in the New World needed multiple the Czar needed a communist the and Ottoman Empire needed World War needed World War Imperial Japan needed two atomic the Empire in needed a military coup at the Soviet Empire needed . . . What will the Empire I believe anyone will consciously launch World War III. The situation now is more like the eve of World War when great powers were armed and ready to go when an incident set things off. Ever since naively ended the Cold the hugely United States has been actively surrounding with weapons aggressive military expansion. At the same in recent years the of has reached war propaganda levels. have every reason to believe that the United States is preparing for war against and are certain to take defensive measures. This mixture of excessive military preparations and propaganda against an evil enemy make it very easy for some trivial incident to blow it all up. author of Queen of The Misadventures of In 2013 President stood before the United Nations General Assembly and I believe is exceptional. The following year at the the president classified as one of the three threats to the world along with the State and the virus. On March 2015 President declared an unusual and extraordinary threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States. speaking at the in addressing the United States re its foreign Do you realize what you have Since the end of World W Attempted to overthrow Dropped bombs Attempted to assassinate Attempted to suppress The Plan is for the United States to rule the world. The overt theme is but it is ultimately a story of domination. It calls for the United States to maintain its overwhelming superiority and prevent new rivals from rising up to challenge it on the world stage. It calls for dominion over friends and enemies alike. It says not that the United States must be more or most but that it must be absolutely powerful. Two flew over the cuckoos We as a matter of empirical fact and undeniable the greatest force for good the world has ever known. . . . security and freedom for millions of people around the globe have depended on military and diplomatic might. War with will be nuclear. has prepared for it. has abandoned the created what it thinks is an and changed its war doctrine to permit US nuclear first strike. All of this is obviously directed at and the government knows it. How long will sit there waiting for first signed the nuclear accords with the United States earlier this year by agreeing to stop what it never was doing. Any nuclear a US General Because so far reaction to aggression has been to send a handful of forces to the to demonstrate which has only convinced that the alliance is either unable or unwilling to fight. So we had better change his calculus pretty and contest stated doctrine that he is willing to intervene militarily in other countries to protect people. For Gods the last time we heard that was just before invaded the my dear we heard that repeatedly in 1983 when the United States invaded the tiny nation of to protect and rescue hundreds of who supposedly were in danger from the new leftist government. It was all a no more than an excuse to overthrow a government that that believe that the Empire was Gods gift to humanity. Since the United States has intervened in the affairs of fourteen at worst invading or bombing them. They are chronological and now How our horror Radio Address of W. The regime possesses biological and chemical is rebuilding the facilities to make more according to the could launch a biological or chemical attack in as little as 45 minutes after the order is given. The regime has and continuing ties to terrorist and there are terrorists inside This regime is seeking a nuclear and with fissile material could build one within a year. Yet . . . just six weeks before Rice told Lets remember that his country is in effect. He does not control the northern part of his country. We are able to keep his arms from him. His military forces have not been rebuilt. The fact is that there is more participation by the population in the running of their country than there is by the population in the running of theirs. One important reason is the absence of the numerous private corporations in the United exert great influence over all aspects of life. The is frantically surrounding China with military advanced naval fleets and a multitude of military bases from South and the through several nearby smaller Pacific islands to its new and enlarged base in . . . The naval aircraft carriers and nuclear submarines patrol Chinas nearby waters. surveillance drones and spying satellites cover the creating a symbolic darkness at noon. A. Hegemony vs. leader a native of the had donated to in 1954. were always strongly opposed to that change and voted overwhelmingly to rejoin after the coup in 2014. President refers to the army as foreign which does not pursue national interests. The United insists on labeling the action in as an invasion. re Our western partners created the precedent with their own hands. In a situation absolutely the same as the one in they recognized secession from legitimate while arguing that no permission from a central authority for a unilateral declaration of independence is necessary . . . And the International Court of Justice agreed with those arguments. Thats what they thats what they trumpeted all over the world and coerced everyone to now they are complaining about Why is The absurdity of it Even a moron knows that if is going to put tanks and troops into will put in enough to do the job. The war would be over in a few days if not in a few hours. As himself said some months if the military enters the news will not be the fate of or but the fall of and In a major examination of US policy published in March the authoritative Council on Foreign Relations bluntly declared that there is no real prospect of building fundamental peaceful mutual a strategic or a new type of major country relations between the United States and China. The United the report develop the political will and military capabilities to deal with China to protect vital interests. military from hemispheric outdated relic of World War internal which means war against the domestic population. baseball players who are paid a million dollars to play for an team are not a word which has a clear political connotation. was acceptable to and because he was seen as a pliable figure that allowed Western capital free rein in the newly opened territory following the collapse of the Soviet Union. era was also a time of rampant corruption by oligarchs who were closely associated with Western capital. That corrosive culture came to a halt with the election of twice as president between and again in 2012. Many leaders were former military officers who were imprisoned by troops. The fight against its against at the next level it against its against at the next it against its against the country most likely to stand in the way of US world And its forever. Connecting to the would mean channeling all of communications directly to the W. Bush has been living a comparatively quiet life in with a focus on his paintings. trying to leave something he said a couple of years ago. We can stand up some of the paintings against the large piles of dead bodies. would be much better 30 years we had let continue its war in . . . The mistake was made by the Carter administration which was trying to stop the from their invasion of Wed be better off had we let the beat the 2014 Wed be even better off if we overthrown the secular Afghan giving rise to the in the first place and inciting the to intervene on their border lest the Soviet population was stirred up. The former Secretary of State in an interview in 1998 summed up exactly what the US thinks of the The plays a very important role. But if we like we always have the option of following our own national security which I assure you we will do if we like whats going on. She is now a advisor to A leader taking his nation to war is as dysfunctional in the family of humankind as an abusive parent is in an individual family. It would be some time before I fully realized that the United States sees little need for diplomacy. Power is enough. Only the weak rely on diplomacy . . . The Roman Empire had no need for diplomacy. Nor does the United States. of the United Nations from 1992 to 1996 Interventions are not against dictators but against those who try to not against in but not against in but the not against in but not against in but not against dictators but not against the shah in but etc. principal founder of the discipline of peace and conflict studies No mention was made that had been safe and sound under President President Bush invaded and destroyed We can expect the same fate for if the protection of the regime is torn away by the uprising. We will then shed crocodile tears for 2014 the debate on Power. We need a trial to judge all those who bear significant responsibility for the past most murderous and ecologically destructive in human history. We could call it the air and fiscal crimes tribunal and we could put politicians and and major media owners in the dock with earphones like and make them listen to the evidence of how they killed millions of people and almost murdered the planet and made most of us far more miserable than we needed to be. Of we have time to go after them one by one. Wed have to lump Wall Street investment bankers in one the Council on Foreign Relations in and any remaining Business School or Law graduates in a third. We need this for only for edification. So there would be no capital but rather banishment to an overseas factory with a vow of perpetual silence. Smith I have come to think of the export of democracy as the contemporary equivalent of what missionaries have always done in the interest of conquering and occupying the uncivilized world on behalf of the powers that be. I have said that the church invented the concept of conversion by any including torture and killing of as doing the victims a big since it was in the interest of saving their immortal souls. It is now democratization. It is more or less impossible to commemorate the war dead without glorifying and it is impossible to glorify them without glorifying their wars.
By A populist wave that began with in became a tsunami as Trumps cyclone hit leaving the capital in a shambles. His is a story straight out of the peasants rose up. The phony civility of the nightmare that the have endured for years is cracking. Trumps victory is pure protest by the masses. but as Trump is just another billionaire. He will be sure to look after his but then maybe he can stare them down. there is the Republican Congress and Senate to provide stability as the upstart get his feet on the ground. The weakened Democrats will have to fight extra hard after years of complacency under the liberal For critics of media control by the lobby in the and the sham elections where money the victory shattered this paradigm. Though the Masters of Discourse control the entirety of world and they decide what people may think and say from to Hong only can defeat them. Trump has a great quality making him fit for the he is impervious to labels and libels. He had been called everything in the women you name it. And he still survived that flak. Such people are very writes Almost all presidents since Jimmy Carter have campaigned as outsiders. Bill Bush But they were all seasoned politicians and all disappointed. President Governor There is a precedent of a boorish made famous and pilloried in the who catapulted into the political world. His name is a former professional wrestler who served as the 38th Governor of from 1999 to 2003. He was the first member of the Reform Party to win a major government now in the Independence Party of He surprised everyone with a term in reforming taxation and constructing the METRO Blue Line light rail in He shattered the stranglehold and no one suffered. Trump has shattered it again. He makes a path open to a third party or independent candidate in the future. Trumps trump card Trumps final a masterpiece of populist rhetoric infuriated the for hinting the the forces of international finance that have their own agenda for the behind our and whose agent He depicted a global power structure that is bleeding dry with horrible trade deals that enrich elites and open the gates to mass immigration. The people behind this globalist takeover include Federal Reserve Chairman and Chairman with the implication that is their minion. The machine is at the center of this power structure. seen this first hand in the in which meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of US sovereignty in order to enrich these global financial her special interest friends and her charged Trump. That jab alone was worth more than all of millions spent on ads attacking him for peccadilloes. Now the intelligent Republicans are waking up. Trumps words are branded in their minds. That alone makes the election historic. The slander of ad touches on images and rhetoric that have used for alerted to the emptiness of the slur. If something is pointing it out is not bigotry. Senior House deputy whip of lauds Trump for his known ability as negotiator. he might toss out statements like build a or no and say something sensational. But then he knows how to give in a bit and come up with a solution. House Speaker publicly disowned Trump during the and now has to eating crow. The closest modern comparison of an outsider president and a speaker of the same political party may be the fractious relationship during the late between Democrats President Jimmy Carter and House Speaker Tip Carters team have an appreciation for how the system worked in and struggled to advance his agenda. New ball game The Republican win in the Congress and with a Republican offers a chance to produce meaningful change. Will Trump develop more concern for the environment and work to help the millions of poor who put their trust in He has a huge responsibility to repay his voters and give hope for reconciliation with his opponents. There is much soul searching to be done on both sides of the divide in political life. The election represents a call to action for people to fight hard to save the rebuild a county falling and demand a responsible US foreign policy. Democracy only works when we all take part. People are awakening from their Wall St induced sleep. Look for a new Occupy Wall St and peace campaigning. Thats the bright side. Trumps policies on the Middle East and are confused and incoherent. Lets hope that his friendship with portends and the ability and intent to change the US imperial mindset that plagues the world. The are just as furious with the same scenario there. Trumps victory makes a victory for the Front National s Marine Pen more likely. The Pen tweeted as Trumps count reached the threshold of victory. It also gives energy to vote to leave the Union. Protest candidates throughout have gained votes and seats in many and entered government coalitions in 11 Western including in and This wave of protest is gathering momentum. The people have the chance and the to help shape where Trump will take his revolution. Whether he can work with his foreign counterparts to create a peoples new world not the one Bush promised in 1991 and that Bush failed to achieve. Foreign policy has too long been off done by elites behind closed doors. Government has to listen to the people after years of passivity and policies shaped by the elite. Trump made serious promises to revitalize People will now hold him to them. is known worldwide as a journalist specializing in the Middle Central and A graduate of University of and in he has been writing on relations since the He is author of Postmodern Geopolitics and the Great Games and From to Civilization . You can reach him at .
Tweet Its in you need to hide in the woods to speak good about trump. Do your news even report a fraction of the things I see in this In not a single bad thing about gets reported.
he slammed this nasty said of in a tweet she has since deleted but is screen captured below. immediately caught flak from Twitter users for calling a name. wrong only believes the so called trump victims
by 2016 Are the elite foreshadowing the future of It seems so. All throughout the month of mainstream media has made cryptic and outcomes regarding what could look like if Trump loses the presidential race. In an article from The one scenario includes a potential uprising. During the presidential debates and Trump has alleged the election as being in favor of According to a News of Trump backers believe the election will be rigged even though the election is really a SELECTION. The Times has also questioned the same Will there be some type of civil or some other triggered outcome if Trump were to lose the Its also very cryptic to note how former Republican made this interesting Twitter statement as of If Trump grabbing my musket. Then theres the which is constantly making its way into mainstream news. According to Western who is an ally of has warned to vote trump or face nuclear war claiming that the Republican candidate is the only person who can prevent an escalation in tensions between and He has also said The only way they can get worse is if a war starts. And while the government continues to constantly blame for alleged and election hacks we know this is all propaganda in preparation for world war. Do The Elite Know Something We LEARN
in the World So why did the US Secretary of State John going to the South as US presidential elections were being held on and why was the news provided late in the game and as an unexpected One need to keep in mind that many US states allowed early so millions of had already cast their ballots they and perhaps too did not have to be in their home districts on polling or perhaps he did not want to wait in long lines like in places like where the number of polling stations were reduced to keep some categories from voting. Presumably John is not one of these and his vote would have been counted. It will be remembered that stood for president against W. and would have beaten him if he had won which he failed to do by only a few thousand votes. So you would imagine a man of such experience and seniority would be out on the campaign trail for right until the polls close in the East of the which is when candidates traditionally claim victory or concede defeat. But even in the country in 8th. He was considered so important that he had been sent to of all places the South Pole. While the rest of his party was hard campaigning for he was chilling it at the US facilities apparently looking into something to do with environmental policy which part of his job description last time anyone looked. perhaps in he knew the election results that many are now claiming was a total all the poll results were wrong and the people had spoken in rejecting the status and all what and those who stand behind her stand for. on a lighter no one knows the full extent of the US footprint in as it is all classified. The bases there are known primarily for drug which was once with the US itself supplying the drugs to its own employees as it did in But visit there was unlikely to have influenced the outcome of the or indeed much else. Unless the US is willfully changing the environment of regional countries from its Antarctic bases it seems very odd that should have gone to the South and then followed up with a tour of the Southern hemisphere to discuss such an issue at such an inopportune time. So why was sent to the South about as far away from the election as There are plenty of many of which are credible. But as the most unlikely one is the most likely to be true and it pretty. Poles not so far apart One day the performance artist decided she would go and visit the North just like that. She managed to get near it and found it was a restricted owned by the US so she actually reach the pole itself . North Pole trip was in 1974. Five years later a New airliner crashed into one of the Antarctic or so we were told. As a all civilian over flights of the South Pole were also banned. The US extend as far north as the North or as far south as the South but they have somehow become territory part of the vast swathe of land where the US exacts different forms of taxation without giving the inhabitants representation. In novel White Lama the leading character ends up going to the South Pole. He finds a gap in the ice and discovers a hidden colony of very tall who live in a temperate climate and grow tropical fruit trees . That is only a but it is based on a real the attempted of in 1938. These characters are alleged to be descendants of those maintained by foreign powers for the own purposes . For many years it has been that the built some sort of base in They are most unlikely to have gone all that way on a fishing expedition. As their victims the were very and efficient. We know for example that if they had invaded England they were intending to use the town of as their operations base a very sensible as it is near the geographical of the between its two main industrial hubs of the time and gives easy access to all the important transport and communications routes. Operation After the Second World War a number of leading were spirited away to the US on ratlines so that they would neither stand trial for their crimes or have their knowledge fall into the hands of the In 1947 US Admiral E. led 4,000 and troops in an invasion of called Operation This and at least one expedition was called off because the troops came under attack by what are described as flying saucers. Even in the country whose citizens went running to the hills when told them that the had landed their military do not run away from flying saucers. Why is the US unable to describe what forces were unleashed against the invasion and by What truth is so frightening it has to be shrouded in science fiction terms in order for people to dismiss the Whatever the did in the US probably found out about it. The US in is one of a number of dubious former Soviet facilities it has taken over and turned into restricted areas in the same way. It would be in character for the US Antarctic base to have once been operated by a foreign and have been taken over for scientific purposes most scientists would never those with military applications the US always denies until it can gain political capital from them. Cats among the penguins does have an indirect connection with the Like the Bush he too is part of the Skull n Bones secret society. Bush ran the Bank of which financed the initial bid for and got its own money from somewhere. Antarctic expeditions cost a lot of particularly when a country is spending vast amounts on armament production preparing for war. may have a personal connection with whatever is going on down there which the US keeps strictly under wraps. But there are also precedents for sending important people to the South Pole at historic turning which this US election is bound to whoever wins. The most famous concerned Colonel Fletcher Chief of Special Operations for the Joint Chiefs of Staff under President John F. He was on his way to the South Pole on a government mission at the time John F. was and for the rest of his life maintained that that was not a coincidence but a deliberate attempt to get him out of the way so that he could not impede what he later stated was a plot. retired from military service soon after the despite the siren call of the and always maintained that the assassinated to prevent him taking it over after the Bay of Pigs fiasco in He also maintained that the itself answered to a shadowy global elite rather than the US and that this elite acts with impunity throughout the world. If it does so through secret like Skull n Bones. As Colonel had worked in senior roles for years he had considerable inside knowledge of how that operated and who did what. He was dismissed as a as all those who dispute the official version of the assassination but his claim that the basis of and novel The Ugly was present at the scene as one of the Three Tramps is perfectly consistent with what the public knows about and his let alone what must have known. We should all hope that no one is planning a political assassination. But there is some reason why was being kept out of the way. We can speculate what his connections with the shadowy global elite but we know his connections with the US government. If the government wanted him out of the way on Election with all his campaign we can assume that whatever someone want him to or he himself want to be implicated involves the current US administration itself. He who knows least lives longest Though various once claimed to have been the first man to reach the North Pole the claims of each one were largely by other The first people who undoubtedly reached the North Pole were the crew of the airship which flew over it in 1926. Their commander was who had also famously been the first person to reach the South Pole in that time by land . did not enjoy this triumph for as he disappeared along with his plane and five crewmen two years later. He was searching for the missing crew of the Airship commanded by one of his 1926 Neither most of or any of the have ever been found. The Airship disaster aroused a lot of suspicion at the time and since. The government refused to fund this polar flight. When the airship crashed one of the crew twice tried to commit suicide. The ship supposedly monitoring the distress signals from the survivors ignored them and the government made no attempt to rescue its stranded citizens. Eventually Captain and his pet dog were rescued while his men were left on the most and many of these later disappeared without just as was later to having volunteered as a private citizen to lead a rescue attempt. Maybe himself know what his polar mission was supposed to accomplish. But it was clearly something people in high places did and were embarrassed by. death left as the person who knew more about the two poles than anyone and he was subject to a smear campaign which had the effect of damaging anything he might say just as the one against did. Now we have a situation where the poles are considered so important that they are restricted areas controlled by the worlds only superpower. But few people fight over other inhospitable areas. This is why various and desert peoples are allowed to continue their traditional way of rather than being forcibly civilized by great for the highly cultured are by the This changes when energy resources are involved. But even then the oil and zones do not become restricted. They may be taken over by big corporations working hand in glove with foreign but what they are doing is trumpeted to the not restricted to an inner circle which probably include most of those carrying out the work. Frozen before the politicians get there John the man who is trying to terrorism and helping John prevent the government being prosecuted for their part in was apparently expecting to go along with to the South Pole base when he gave his briefing. We do not know what is going on at the US South Pole base but we do know what is happening at some other US bases with a similar classified level. In each what we know is connected with manufacturing biological arming and training spying on the local population and then strangely failing to discover successful terrorist outrages in despite the US admitting straight after them that it knows a great deal about the terrorists involved. At one time the Southern hemisphere a problem to the US. A string of compliant democratic governments and military dictatorships kept things under control well despite some local terrorist groups doing their best to remove them. It could concentrate on other parts of the like the Middle and simply send in new or torture to sort out any government that started backsliding. Now the worm has begun to turn. The Broad Left remains in control of despite being composed of former urban guerrillas who were tortured by previous regimes. president is up to China and telling the US it has lost an and despite his backtracking on this in later statements his new deals with China remain in place . and have elected leaders determined to move on from the and even the tiny but Pacific is selling itself to the highest a new one every whatever the US thinks about it . So there are reasons wanted to go to the Southern hemisphere and find new levers of influence. But he know whether he will be Secretary of State after the or who any new Secretary of State will report to. Whatever does now the new US will just have to tolerate. Of course cannot take overtly political initiatives without knowing who the new president was going to be. But he started his diplomatic tour by having visited the South Pole as but nevertheless a command and control as the US has as its own towards it makes clear. It may well be true that went to the South Pole to keep him away from something serious the US government or funded are planning. But more likely his job may be to take actions which will forestall anything a new government might want to as draining the swamp. Such actions are not likely to be legal or desirable actions if they began with a visit to the US South Pole base. Whoever was really working on a election day remains a big it was likely someone whose interest is in a transparent rule of law which are the kind of things a real democratic system is supposed to stand for. investigative journalist and political expert on Middle Eastern exclusively for the magazine New Eastern Outlook . Popular Articles
110913 Views 2016 PLUS TRENDING FOR DIRECTIONS ON HOW TO PLAY OR DOWNLOAD CLICK HERE Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal and the World Bank is a renowned author and speaker. Her latest All the Presidents is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. She was also on a Federal Reserve Advisory Council . is on the advisory board of the organization and a board member of the animal welfare and wildlife conservation Born Free She has also appeared on numerous international and national media. is a renowned author and speaker. Her latest All the Presidents is a groundbreaking narrative about the relationships of presidents to key bankers over the past century and how they impacted domestic and foreign policy. To buy new book All the Presidents The Hidden Alliances that Drive Power CLICK HERE or ON THE BOOK Keynote speaker who just addressed the Federal and the World Bank Economic signals are from magazine covers to grocery stores to military events. They reveal the story of the world economy. Central bankers have done their best to conjure forth inflation in the hopes that this will vanquish deflation but the risk is that our daily and the sustainability of will be affected by an ongoing battle between these two forces. There will be important consequences. Quantitative Easing is now catching people in a vice by pushing up their cost of living even as their income is still falling. This breaks the vital social contracts between citizens and their governments and sets in motion many seemingly unrelated social unrest in emerging the movement of manufacturing and jobs back to the US and the improvements to the value added of emerging market higher food and energy prices. The rising but shrinking of a a candy bar and an apartment not only cause pain at they also propel some nations to deploy their to secure resources and protect their citizens from the ill effects of inflation and deflation alike. This is already resulting in military incidents and near misses between and warships and submarines. The solution is growth and innovation. anonymous individuals are balancing their hubris against the risk of failure and proceeding to build a more dynamic economy and the new social contracts that will exist tomorrow. The only question is whether governments are hostile or hospitable to these efforts. By being alert to the many signals around us anyone can better navigate through the turbulence to the treasures of the world economy instead of being continuously overwhelmed and surprised by it. All the Presidents The Hidden Alliances that Drive Power Who rules All the Presidents Bankers is a groundbreaking narrative of how an elite group of men transformed the economy and dictated foreign and domestic and shaped world history. Culled from original presidential archival All the Presidents Bankers delivers an explosive account of the interdependence between the White House and Wall Street that transcends a simple analysis of money driving greed driving bankers. ushers us into the intimate world of exclusive vacation and Ivy League universities that binds presidents and financiers. She unravels the and relationships that have confined national influence to a privileged cluster of people. These families and individuals recycle their power through elected office and private channels in All the Presidents Bankers sheds new light on pivotal historic as after the Panic of dominant bankers convened to fashion the Federal Reserve how J. P. ambitions motivated President during World War how Chase and National City Bank chairmen worked secretly with President to rescue capitalism during the Great Depression while invited son and how financiers collaborated with President to construct the World Bank and after World War II. divulges through the Cold War and presidents and bankers pushed superpower status and expansion while promoting broadly democratic values and social welfare at home. But from the Wall Streets rush to secure Middle East oil profits altered the nature of alliances. Bankers profit motive trumped heritage and allegiance to public while presidents lost control over the was dramatically evident in the financial crisis of 2008. This unprecedented history of power illuminates how the same financiers retained their authoritative position through swaying presidents regardless of party affiliation. All the Presidents Bankers explores the alarming global repercussions of a system lacking barriers between public office and private power. leaves us with an ominous either we break the alliances of the power or they will break us. About author
25 Views 2016 GOLD For people who are worried about selling his gold Before we get to selling his look at the collapse in the bond market as interest rates continue to A picture is worth a thousand words Treasuries Continue To Plunge Hitting New By Bill President Of Capital 10 I am going to stick with yesterdays format and try to make sense of the market then turn to the action lower in the and doing this in response to all the questions been getting about how various markets can possibly do what why are they behaving as they are To find out which company Rick Rule and Asset Management are pounding the table on that already has a staggering 18.1 million ounces of gold that just added another massive deposit and is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest gold opportunities in the world CLICK HERE OR Sponsored Great That Take Long In the first lets be this is all and a lot of the motion is noise and the overlapping of extremely time horizons with longer ones. Be that as it I will give it my best shot. What we have seen over the last 48 to 72 hours is a massive psychological almost certainly temporary from overwhelming pessimism to overwhelming optimism regarding the prospects for the economy and all things That has collided with fumes from and actual from other counties. Said a massive change in psychology has collided with free money to spark something that can generally only last a short time. As that begins to take place people begin to factor in all the things that can go right and very few of the things that can go though they handicap the amount of time it takes to accomplish said nor the degree of difficulty in accomplishing them. For if Congress magically passed a trillion infrastructure it would take quite a good deal of time to get the permits and design what needs to happen before the first shovels hit the so to speak. Not to say that the consequences of doing the project be economically but there is quite a long lag between planning to do it and actually starting it. That matters at the the multiple on the stock market is very high of and it is where it is because of rates the ridiculous As rates that tends to put pressure on valuations while it potentially causes some buyers to think especially if they start to lose money. Given my belief that the bond bull market is and that a Trump administration would likely be very unfriendly to interest rates are headed something that could really be exacerbated if peoples perceptions about inflation change. Buy and Hold The bottom line given the valuation of the stock market and the likely decline in it will be rather difficult for the stock market to trade on the potential for good news long enough for the good news to hit. it is quite likely this could be the final equity market however far it may sort of matching the bond of last summer. There is some precedent for just this sort of stock market as something similar occurred right after was elected. I touched on this yesterday please send me any emails telling me Trump is not I totally understand that we have a potential in psychology from a very negative macro outlook for the economy to one that is expected to be better. that necessarily translate to higher equity due to the impact of rising rates on the current level of valuations to consider. after was elected there was about a rally in the which then reversed and a substantial decline ensued. I believe if and when the stock market rally finally is perceived to have ended we could see a lot of destruction very given the brittle structure that I have talked about ad And of course a reversal in the stock market would probably impact the dollar and we might even get a reaction in bonds. Taking Some You Time Nearly all markets are currently in so it is best to step try to figure out what is really going think about what you are looking for that would cause you to change any positions you but avoid taking any action unless you are fairly certain about what is happening and why. Beneath the surface of the stock market one can see that tech is being sold especially has the highest multiples and therefore is the most vulnerable to a change in the bond plus a strong dollar hurts while Trump plays are being purchased. I see how the market can readjust itself and really hold together because I think there will be enough buyers of tech to accommodate the and thus the market overall could easily come under pressure fairly but we will just have to see how that plays out. while were in this period of quasi the market for the moment is a concept like and concept stocks generally bother having nor do people worry about them until they and then they decline drastically as a consequence of basically being binary. With all of that out of the way I will turn to the action. Overnight the were about higher and the market itself was higher in the early going. We then got a quick reversal both lower then back at least for the was up The kept leaking. By days end the former added over while the latter lost Away from the euphoria was in use and all the outside markets were very with green paper quite while oil lost and bonds were initially then were beat up again. The lost another 8 basis as yields have now risen from to in five weeks. Precious metals gave up an overnight rally and were lower. Part of that was exacerbated by who said sold his gold into the rally have covered that all in Ask After going negative silver climbed back into positive gaining while gold lost Included below are six questions and answers from the with Bill Bonus Hi Fleck Hope all is well and you are enjoying the interesting times we live in now. Forget Trump lets talk about the PM who has overnight banned large currency notes and is forcing people to deposit them in lieu of newer notes. I feel that this will help to thwart black money and terrorist activities notes and will also curb real estate prices. But this could change how people view Gold even more. I suspect many now are conducting transactions in Gold currencies such as which could elevate Gold demand. Import of gold in the form of coins and medallions is prohibited. Ah another interesting bit of info in the ever changing times we live in. Bans Largest Currency Bills in Bid to Cut Corruption Enjoy Answer from I suspect this will boost gold after the initial shakeout in a scramble for cash by real estate guys. How can anyone trust the government at all after I find it odd that has not broken its while has. Makes me believe that the down move in is just noise or closes below the 8th low. Is this how you analyze price movement in the precious metals that waiting for all assets to show a confirmation in Thanks Answer from Silver is from being an industrial too. That is part of the concept that is working right now. Hey 1. In theory Trump should be good for main street and I am wondering if this will cause inflation to tick My inclination is that it will. 2. In the overnight Gold futures market it seems to be trading strong and then loses that strength when the opens. My guess is that more spec. longs are unwinding and this should bring open interest down to a more normal level. I know you regard the COT data as too meaningful but if Gold holds above while spec. long open interest would this be a good set up for the next leg Answer from 1. plus psychology is changing. 2. There are many scenarios that could be not just yours. Sells His Gold As far as I know does trade his positions whereas keeps his positions for some time. What do you make of selling all his to this fund manager who had been pessimistic about the said that he is now quite optimistic on the economy following the election of Trump. Its as hopeful as been in a long time. I sold all my gold on the night of the election. All the reasons I owned it for the last couple of years seem to be expectations that inflation is now set to forcing money out of safe assets like gold and and into the Answer from is a trader and investor. Please see the other post on this topic. In the gold prices have doubled in few cities due to the currency note issue. Wall Street and the moron does not have a clue. demand will also accelerate due to yuan fall. Gold demand is spiking up in all over. Out of touch Wall Street can control the gold prices only for few days. If this continues I will load up gold bars here in to sell in and rest of the There are enough rich people in who want gold. Maybe should sell any coins left over to me. Answer from You make worthwhile points about but in the short run they can be trumped by the herd for a little while. Interesting recall gold miners caring a hoot when declared that he was long gold. Now that he says hes out they obediently pay Answer from for this five minutes. To subscribe to Bill fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. JUST If You Are Worried About The Action In The Gold Just Read This CLICK HERE. 2015 by . All Rights Reserved. This material may not be or redistributed. linking directly to the articles is permitted and encouraged. About author
22 Overnight bond markets enjoyed a nice with the exception of while equity markets followed bonds. Here in the early going saw the modestly higher To find out which company the richest man in China has invested one that Rick Rule and Asset Management are pounding the table on that is quickly being recognized as one of the greatest investment opportunities in the world CLICK HERE OR Sponsored Over the course of the day the market drifted sort of sideways and was just modestly higher with an hour to when I had to leave. Away from green paper was slightly oil was and fixed bounced while the metals were with silver a couple of pennies higher and gold a little lower. Still Voting Their It has now been a couple of weeks since the election and the major have all hit new highs. I am trying not to draw any definitive conclusions until we learn more about who is going to populate the Trump administration and exactly what they plan to try to accomplish. That no matter who they pick I expect there is going to be a fair amount of friction. I also want to give the equity market some time to finish its somewhat emotional reaction to the election. I say emotional when looking back at what occurred in obviously emotion and optimism trumped the facts for some space of but it eventually took a couple of years of pain before real positives outweighed the negatives. We have a much worse hand to play although that is not to say we cant all be better off in a couple of years from an economic standpoint and that has to be the hope of everyone. I continue to believe that all of this is a although I think the bond markets are definitely right to finally stop discounting deflation and start the process of discounting inflation. Included below are three questions and answers from the with Bill Bonus Hi Traders over the next 3 what offers more the metals or the Thank you Answer from Will Ban Gold Rumor has it that is about to ban imports of gold. What do you think the chances are that this will really And if how negative would it be for the price of Answer from Zero. And quite negative. Hi In your recent daily you indicated that the stock market is on borrowed time. In the background of rising are you confident that gold and silver will rise as a result the upcoming market correction. I thought in that a weak dollar factored into the spectacular growth of miners. Answer from If stocks decline for the dollar probably will as well. There are many factors at work at all and it is easy to pick one and say that it is THE variable. what happened early in the year was a function of more than just a weak spot for the dollar. To subscribe to Bill fascinating Daily Thoughts CLICK HERE. A Turn In The Plus A Remarkable Look At The And Assassinations
I believe in these final climatic days before we will see epic Deep State internecine division. Some will publicly most will remain buried The Deep State is not monolithic or homogeneous but is composed of many seemingly disparate elements or competing factions united by their systemic base criminality under the phony rubric of national security. Administrations but the Deep State endures. I think the overall standard perception of Trump as viewed as an or dangerous loose cannon to the old guard elites who see his enormous and independence of mind as threatening to their rackets is breaking down and being challenged late in the game by some factions. institutional loyalty and trumps everything else. The ties to epic criminality and predation are thoroughly documented but by the regime media in thrall to their Deep State suzerains up to this point. She is now being deemed expendable by some elements. And like she will be thrown under the bus. Some of those factions within the Deep State particularly those powerful bureaucrats deep within the permanent government and Pentagon that determine actual policy from one administration to will turn on out of amoral and institutional loyalty. is perhaps the first and most notable. Prepare for the Night of the Long version 2016. pm on 2016
Posted on 2016 by in Politics Share This A womans costume is going viral after she snapped a quick picture and posted it to Twitter. Although a few panties were in a wad because she dressed as wearing a prison liberals just about went into full meltdown after seeing what was behind her. The image was actually seen on the social media account of The Blaze reporter and famed conservative commentator after she shared one of her videos from As it turns one of her subscribers had a picture that made for the perfect response. As can be a woman decided to dress up as in a prison jumpsuit but thats far from the complete picture. Cards 2016 Hitting her point it seems as though the womans significant other decided to dress up as who was actually hauling off to jail. The visual created reflects Trumps promise given during the second debate when he said that he would put her in jail. Of others seemed to have loved the idea so much that they decided to duplicate the idea while putting their own spin on so my parents dressed up as trump for prison for the costume party Faith 2016 Even a few kids got involved with the costume Happy J. Trump 2016 With everything thats come out during the recent theres only one place that deserves to be. Between compromising the security of the people through the use of her illegal email server to whoring out our country to fill her there a single person who can argue that this woman is a criminal. it seems that Director recently found his backbone and decided to actually start holding accountable. Lets just hope Trump wins this election by a landslide and can follow through with that promise to lock away once and for all.
Share This had a sex change operation before marrying his male lover. after his brutal murder by an expect to hear a peep from the liberal media. A young who recently had surgery to become a was found brutally hacked to pieces and completely unrecognizable at a gruesome murder scene. as soon as the liberal media found out the identity of the suspected they fell eerily silent about the major news story otherwise blast across the airwaves. The liberal agenda is clear propagate everything that promotes their progressive ideals. when it comes to the left has an incredibly difficult time defending its teachings since they almost always oppose liberal values. Once the left has proven that ratings and the already soiled reputation of their favorite religion are more important than even their own beliefs. From a young believed he was meant to be female. his family was not supportive of his decision to live as a to say the but this only empowered to undergo a sex change operation and take the name shortly after made the transformation and married his male he was brutally murdered for his lifestyle. While all of this fits the liberal dream of pushing a victimized poster children in an attempt to the leftist media wont be flooding social media with face for one crucial reason. News reports that not only is disapproving family made up of devout his father is also suspected of being responsible for his sons heinous murder. was reportedly butchered and hacked into pieces just after his father rallied other devout on live television to honor kill his son. Let him be I want to see him. Bring him here and kill him in front of my the father ordered. passport shows him before his surgical the final straw that prompted his family to demand his gruesome murder. Shortly after the police confirmed that was cut up into pieces and unrecognizable to those who knew him. I did not recognize body when it was brought to the an official said. was born into a family in a area in the According to his sons decision to live as a woman and marry a man had apostatized him from which the teaches is worthy of execution. Although it is unclear whether is an actual murder he is undeniably responsible for bringing about his sons which could and should result in criminals charges. According to Daily Mail mother was reported to be crying day and night after she heard about his sex change and wedding. It was then that the father a which is an invitation for to kill a particular person. He cheated he went there to had surgery and he turned from a boy to a said a female neighbor of the victims father. And now in it is known too. His mother is saying I want to see I gave birth to a but what It is such a disgrace for the family. If the mother and father give a it means they want him to be killed. are responsible for 91 percent of the worlds honor which have motives ranging from marrying against their wishes to simply insulting by becoming too Western. In even the neighbor believes that actions are so dishonorable that they warranted his death. Mad World News reported in 2015 that a woman brutally drowned her daughter after she caught her own father raping the child. The little girl suffered severe internal injuries before the mother walked in on the girls grandfather sexually abusing her. The woman drew her still bleeding daughter a bath and held her underwater until she stopped breathing because she wanted to avoid scandal. This is just one example of the sinister measures will go to in order to preserve their religions idea of honor. While the left claims to be the champion of expect them to make a fuss over death. As they have consistently trumps the community. Either because they are terrified of or because they are blindly ignorant of the liberals will likely come to the defense of over its victim.
Days Comment on Election calls have never seemed very interesting to me were it my place to make them in the same way that predicting when a flood will crest is a lot less interesting than understanding perhaps a watershed. That mean predictions are not asked in the Federalist 51 But what is government but the greatest of all reflections on human By the same What is the horse but the greatest of all the performing That putting past Water Coolers into the call the method I used yield bad results. Rather than tracking the very noisy individual I decided to use the polling averages every once a for sake and plug those averages into a reasonable list of swing states provided by the New whose interactive tool then enabled me to game out scenarios in the electoral college. In all the weeks I did this but Trump had a plausible path to depending on reasonable scenarios in individual states. In other still in the call I beat most of the paid pollsters in the political class who trumpeting victory. And as we saw in yesterdays Water I tied the Trump teams internal they thought they were going to though they qualified their views by pointing out the same plausible paths to victory that I did. Why did I not get the scale of Trumps I in 2008 and and maybe farther the Republican always made a show of putting in and it never came to anything. Trump won Along with and defeated as It is clear to any objective observer that the Affordable Care Act which has resulted in rapidly rising premiums and narrow and health has not been a success. A Trump Administration will work with Congress to repeal the and replace it with a solution that includes Health Savings Accounts and returns the historic role in regulating health insurance to the States. The Administrations goal will be to create a system that promotes quality and with health insurance and and take any needed action to alleviate the burdens imposed on families and businesses by the law President Elect Let us know how that works out. To maximize choice and create a dynamic market for health the Administration will work with Congress to enable people to purchase insurance across state lines. The Administration also will work with both Congress and the States to pools a proven approach to ensuring access to health insurance coverage for individuals who have significant medical expenses and who have not maintained continuous coverage. Modernize so that it will be ready for the challenges with the coming retirement of the Baby Boom generation and beyond Maximize flexibility for States in administering to enable States to experiment with innovative methods to deliver to our citizens Trump has said he wants to repeal and we hope that an empty campaign said president and of It will take more than a promise to make health care great again and to restore health care freedom to patients and doctors. Republicans need to advance visionary ideas for health ideas that are bigger than buying across state ideas that put patients and doctors back together again without the costly interference and intrusions of profiteering outsiders. The high cost of health care comes primarily from the including managed care and Citizens Council for Health Freedom is a good conservative site on health care policy. I agree with them on but is relentless and above all they make stuff up. Replacement Might Look Familiar Kaiser Health News Could be. after originally a Republican so it should be possible to it. It gets into a questions of said Mark an insurance analyst for Ratings. Are they really repealing the act if they replace it with new legislation that has some of the same Topping the list of provisions likely to survive under Trump is the requirement that employers cover workers children up to the age of analysts said. The measure is widely popular and not especially expensive . A health law crafted by Republicans might also retain the protections for people with preexisting illness seeking said a health economist at the University of Southern The biggest coverage expansion came through the program for the poor and which added more than 15 million people. Trump has suggested giving states fixed federal grants for which could lead to a substantial reduction in coverage or benefits. Then Trump was elected and now the tables may have turned again. Trump has on several occasions expressed his opposition to net once calling it another top down power grab Advising Trump on Knight Rich Executive Director care policy Was Assistant General Counsel at Horizon Blue Cross and Blue Budget Advisor Domestic Policy State Was Health Care Policy Analyst for Heritage Foundation home of interestingly Ado Domestic policies Ed Executive Office of the President Lead Domestic Policy Care Act repeal and was on Walkers team when the candidate unveiled a proposal that included repealing the Affordable Care Act and splitting into smaller programs with separate funding Modern Health Care For eight served in the Department of Health and Human Services. From 2005 to he was special assistant to the Immediate Office of the Secretary and from 2001 to he was special assistant to the executive secretary Health Care Finance Names reportedly under consideration for secretary include former Republican Gov. Bobby former Republican presidential candidate former House Speaker Newt Gov. Rick and former Rep. Thin One day after his we polled our readership of managers and clinicians to see what they think the short and effects will be of Trumps policies on the and we were flooded with responses. While most of them detail the deep concerns industry professionals a small few felt the idea could improve competition and lower costs Health Care FInance Good article. At this early we cant know with certainty exactly why lost. In a narrow the electoral vote was lost because she lost and Exit polls are often but all we have for the and the vote distribution strongly suggest those states were lost because lost many of the white voters that broke for in 2012 . Overall exits show a swing to Trump among voters making less than compared to the last presidential election the biggest of any group in The New Times . general turnout was off from 2012 The Week So to fire the blame cannons at working class you have to argue like Trump won the racist vote because the people who voted for the black guy vote for the white woman. you can deploy the misogyny blame but the identity politicians seem to be going with racism at the moment. People often talk about vs. economic suffering as if they are totally distinct dichotomies. Of course there are substantial elements of both in Trumps voting but the two categories are inextricably The more economic suffering people the angrier and more bitter they the easier it is to direct their anger to scapegoats. Economic suffering often fuels ugly bigotry The Intercept I would go further and urge that are forms of and that they are the evil twin of identity and together are the only forms of politics permitted by elites . See the next link. A top liberal group Center for has temporarily abandoned plans for a new project designed to court white working class voters after it could not marshal the necessary financial support for the according to documents obtained by the Free Beacon Free Beacon the Democrats abandoned the working class because the fund the effort to reach out to them here we Could it be that the had a reason for Like that would be against their class The stated need for the project suggests potential pitfalls for Democrats in its eventual In a midterm election year expected to heavily favor CAP has apparently for the time an effort to reach out to a constituency that it acknowledges could determine the viability of the Democrats voting coalition going forward. The Bobby Project was the brainchild of CAP senior fellow who for the past decade has stressed that a lasting Democratic majority will require the party to make inroads with white working class voters. Much too much too late from who injected the identity politics virus into the Democrat bloodstream to begin with . The need organization and focus on the young. Need a fifty State strategy and tech rehab. I am in for chairman Dean said Yahoo News After helping rig her selection as a and smearing Trump as a coke user on no evidence the strategy was great. But that was before you lost your The Real Lesson in Telling Trump Supporters to Resign an Personal Original being groomed to run for Congress New Post Immortal We shall never be Cut off a and two more shall take its Consumer 2016 Indications going into the presidential election are very positive as the consumer sentiment index is up more than 4 points in the flash to 91.6 for the best showing since data were compiled before the 8 The gain is concentrated in the expectations component People expect Trump to do While this is a very small sampling that is not always universally traders and economists love to dwell on this report because it is really the first real look at live data for each month Week 44 of 2016 shows same week total rail traffic same week one year marginally expanded according to the Association of Railroads traffic data. Rolling averages remain in contraction but are improving Finally some good Employment The good news is the prime working age group has started to grow and is now growing at per year and this should boost economic activity. And it appears the prime working age group will exceed the previous peak later this year Calculated Risk Honey for the Sales falling year over year but they growing at as they would do in normal times Economics In normal times inventories increase with adding to output. But when sales slow inventory growth stops and Fodder for the Spot metallurgical coal topped a metric ton for the first time since flooding in curbed output from the worlds biggest seaborne exporter five years ago Chinas efforts to cut overcapacity in its coal industry have reduced domestic supply and boosted imports of both metallurgical and the variety burned in power stations. The If a variable is normally distributed we can use standard probabilistic techniques to it. If it is not then we cannot what about economic Are they normally Short they are not. Oops. If you look at income proxy for you see a bell curve. You see a power law curve. And see the last link in News of too. The In with typical marketing Inc. rolled out two new the Charge 2 and Flex 2. Designed to measure more detailed fitness the trackers were well reviewed and seemed poised to help retain leadership of an increasingly competitive market. But within weeks the devices were piling up in according to analyst spot checks In other the stuff moving. We need more spot checks everywhere. The And Couriers Complain They Get Their Tips The Apple cuts adapter prices in response to Pro complaints The Verge Apples unlike those you might order from a random seller are going to be and reliable. Thats really funny. My genuine Apple cable wore out in about a year. The mouse cable is wearing out even faster. Can you lead and manage the operational activities of the membership which works to serve seven thousand Cooperatives UPDATE Industrial The Business of Being Turning Color Into Money The Fashion Law monetizes wavelengths and pigments the way bottles water and developers buy up chunks of the sky. its a kind of biochemical company. After developing colors in a makes most of its money by selling the shades and corresponding formulas to fabric and designers in a range of disciplines. Its a simple and business has never been better. Reminds me of identity conceptually and methodologically. Among facts that take a stubbornly long time to sink heres Countries that borrow in their own currencies never have to default on their debt Wall Street Message from the Gilt Can Never Run Out of Todays Fear Greed 46 Neutral One week 14 is Extreme 100 is Extreme Last updated 11 at Its amazing the dire predictions that come true. The global economy did not collapse. Neither did the markets or the There violence at the polls. did not hack our electronic voting systems. Funny how when you turn the gaslights things stabilize. As that have proved reliable in the past the sun will come up on Wall Street Journal The Elephant Divergence In Financial Sector Income RIP Rolling Stone that only matches itself Stack Exchange Too What Percent of the Comments in Threads Were Also 1st Max The answer is of all Thats certainly more than what I of the comments were posted within the first 5 and within the first 10 comments. The chart follows a distribution. A second hornbeam tree Water Cooler is a standalone not supported by the very successful Naked Capitalism just past. I understand you may feel tapped but when and if you are please use the to choose your and then click the Your tip will be welcome and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate
What Does Trumps Victory Mean For flags the which is an unusually pointed admission of the basis of our imperialist project. Turkey is swiftly heading towards a regime of terror Bangkok Post Trump Transition. I am and hope you will help in in pulling the noise out of the signal regarding what Trump will actually do when he becomes President and whether it will success consisting first of it being implemented and making him and his Administration appear to be legitimate in keeping campaign delivering tangible benefits to voters or powerful interest groups he needs on Despite all the changes in messaging over the course of his Trump was consistent on trade and lack of infrastructure and depicted all three as ways to improve conditions for workers. And political scientist Tom says that the data shows that the propensity to vote for Trump was highly correlated with voters giving negative answers to questions like whether the economy or the job situation had gotten better. Trump and Sanders found power lying in the street by virtue of both parities abandoning high employment levels and wage growth as major policy goals. But if Trump is to deliver on his promise of delivering on those he is at odds with much of his own which is keen to keep workers weak and preserve free trade corporate particularly ones whose constituents include businesses like for the obvious patronage out of Given that trade policy and immigration enforcement are areas in which the President has considerable whether and how he engages in these fights will be early tests of whether he intends to and is able to execute. Finally bear in mind that Trump not only has a thin bench staff but also intellectually. Many of his sources of advice are ideologues who like the in the may cheerily recommend changes which might sound ducky without having the foggiest clue that the operational implications are nightmarish. For told the Trump transition team on policy is apparently planning on recommending that the US exit and the on the first day of the Trump presidency. Pray have they looked into what this means for US and for US exporters dealing with foreign In other the right wing think tank types that the Trump team is relying on runs the risk of being as clueless about issues of organizational capacity as the were who thought they had a trump card in a those new to Naked we had an extensive series of posts on this see here here and here for some So for see this Trump likes main provisions very much covering conditions and letting children up to age 26. The story describes how the Republicans might oppose Complicating the matter is that a revise and reform effort may not fly with Trumps ardent supporters and the cadre of politicians in who want to tear up the law root and branch. Trump often broke with Republican orthodoxy while campaigning and pay a political price. He may learn that as president he wont get far without his party establishments help. In Trump Says He Is Willing to Keep Parts of Health Law Wall Street Journal. Note the heavy emphasis on job creation. This had been the Democratic party lode star through the Carter era. He also defines which is to help on health care and sell Trump policies to Congress. This is similar to the role played. And he rejected the Administration find those moderate strategy.
Ads Privacy Policy There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Rapture of the Church was before John Nelson taught I say because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. by 2016 The doctrine of the Rapture appears over and over in both Old and New Testaments. Take for example. For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a with the voice of the and with the trump of and the dead in shall rise Then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the to meet the Lord in the and so shall we ever be with the Lord. 1 For a reason that eludes me the Bible doctrine of the Rapture of the Church of is a subject in these times we find ourselves in. Perhaps one of the reasons why it is so hated is because so many preachers stopped preaching on it years because the idea of trying to live your life with a daily expectation of return is unpalatable to so many. the doctrine of the Rapture appears over and over in both Old and New Testaments. Take for example. And all the days of were three hundred sixty and five And walked with and he was for God took him. Genesis is a type of the gentile believer raptured out before the time of trouble Who was Glad you was a gentile believer and follower of God. The Bible says that walk with the Lord was a really good and one day out of the clear God raptured old up and out of this and translated him straight to the throne room of Heaven. Just a few verses later we read about the Flood of a type of the Great Tribulation which came upon the Earth. Something else about he was also a street preacher who preached to lost people. And the seventh from prophesied of the Lord cometh with ten thousands of his To execute judgment upon and to convince all that are ungodly among them of all their ungodly deeds which they have ungodly and of all their hard speeches which ungodly sinners have spoken against him. in we see the Rapture and the time of trouble happening thousands of years before the coming time when those events will take place in real and not just in typology. In the New the apostle John is taken up to Heaven in yet another type of the Rapture. On the Last the and the End of the World There are so who ignorantly assert that the doctrine of the Rapture of the Church was unknown before John Nelson taught it. I say ignorant because people make comments like these seemingly unaware that there are recorded accounts of it being taught all the way back to the 4th century AD. A sermon entitled On the Last the and the End of the World ascribed to a man by the name of taught the doctrine of the Rapture quite plainly. Here is a snippet from that For all the saints and elect of God are prior to the tribulation that is to and are taken to the Lord lest they see the confusion that is to overwhelm the world because of our sins That sermon would be the last bit of light from scripture before the Roman Catholic Whore of would swallow up the Church for over a thousand years. Theres a reason why that period of time used to be taught in schools as the dark ages and the time corresponding with the advent of King Bible in 1611 as the age of enlightenment. So as you can see God has given examples and preaching on the Rapture for thousands of years. Now let us take a quick look at some of the major difference between the Rapture of the and the Second Coming of THE SPIRITUAL TEMPERATURE OF THE says plainly in Revelation 3 that the last version of the Church right before the Rapture is a lukewarm mess of a Church that locks on the outside. This is in stark contrast to Revelation 7 which shows an dedicated group of believers who follow the Lamb wherever He goes. There will not be anything lukewarm in the time of trouble. STILL FREE TO ROAM AFTER THE In the first three chapters of we plainly see the Church Age. That comes to an end in Revelation where a type of the is taken to Heaven in a type of the Rapture. Match those verses with 1 and 1 No where there do we see reign coming to an in we see the appearance of just two chapters after the Rapture in Revelation Compare that with all the places that mention the Second which ends in being bound for a thousand years. LAND AT THE tells us in both 1 4 and 1 that the Body of is brought UP to meet the Lord in the air in the Rapture. According to the Church stays up with the Lord all the way until Revelation But at the Second it is all about Him landing on the and bringing His saints with Him . THE RAPTURE BRINGS THE SECOND COMING BRINGS The apostle teaching on the Rapture to first century said that the doctrine of the Rapture was one designed to bring comfort to the hearer. Wherefore comfort one another with these words. 1 . But not so with the Second of the not by a l shot. Woe unto you that desire the day of the to what end is it for the day of the LORD is and not light. As if a man did flee from a and a bear met or went into the and leaned his hand on the and a serpent bit him. Shall not the day of the LORD be and not even very and no brightness in . If looking for comfort in the wrong place. SECOND COMING PLAINLY TAUGHT WHILE RAPTURE WAS A MYSTERY REVEALED WITH In hundreds of places all through the Old the doctrines of the Second Coming and the Resurrection of the Dead are clearly and plainly taught as doctrine. In the very first book every we see that clearly proclaimed. For I know that my redeemer and that he shall stand at the latter day upon the And though after my skin worms destroy this body yet in my flesh shall I see Whom I shall see for and mine eyes shall and not though my reins be consumed within me. Job . So many of the Old Testament like and all teach the Second Coming. But though we see types of the Rapture with and of the Rapture as teachable doctrine remained a mystery until it was revealed through the apostle I shew you a We shall not all but we shall all be 1 . I love to teach on the Rapture because the evidence for it flows all though the it be more clear. So why do so many reject this Let me go ask Hes currently locked outside His own church at the moment But He promises that if I open the door unto He will come in and be happy to show me a few things. Cant see a Rapture in the Maybe its because you got on the wrong side of the door let the Bible correctors and the scholars steal your Blessed Hope. is coming to get us one Day very as He promised to do. Keep looking
Ads Privacy Policy So going to assassinate Trump at his one Twitter user demanded to know. Outside the Trump International Hotel in a protester held up a sign saying which went viral. by 2016 Social media giant Twitter allowed the violent threat Rape against incoming First Lady Trump to trend after the site exploded with assassination threats against Trump. Likewise also these filthy dreamers defile the despise and speak evil of dignities. But these speak evil of those things which they know but what they know as brute in those things they corrupt themselves. EDITORS When they were that would they practically tripped over themselves spouting love and tolerance. They shouted when they go we go high from the mountain tops 24 hours per day. Now that lost the their rallying cry has shifted to calls for rape and assassination of the First Lady and Trumps. Kinda curious how and have been silent on condemning the protesters. Outside the Trump International Hotel in a protester held up a sign saying RAPE which went viral. Rape The trend later disappeared afternoon after many tweeted their outrage. Rape is trending. Liberals are really outdoing their own disgusting behavior. WE DID IT 2016 After Trump won the presidential election on threats against his life spread on social as the Daily Mail reported So going to assassinate Trump at his one Twitter user demanded to know. I just pray that the first who tries to assassinate Trump another added. One My mom is talking about assassinate trump. watch out guy my white suburban mother is coming for you. While some also called for the death of vice Mike Pence. If trump wins assassinate him without getting mike pence first because his is one user tweeted A source close to the Secret told the that the agency were well aware of the threats and that they had seen a spike since Trump was elected on They said there were mechanisms in place to monitor social media for such and to determine which threats were more concerning than others but said that every threat was taken seriously. Twitter routinely removed trending topics and manipulated that hurt failed Democratic presidential candidate during the election. Furious users accused the site of censoring the explosive story in after with over a quarter million vanished from the Trending replaced by the far less popular source SHARE THIS ARTICLE is run by end times author and . runs a successful web design and is a minister of the gospel of the Lord In addition to running NOW THE END he has a dynamic street preaching outreach and tract ministry team in Saint FL.
said it was going to be easy for Trump declared. we will never be stopped. never be want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. They don't get enough credit. They don't get enough credit. They're amazing 2016 Secret Service agents rushed trump offstage on evening during a rally in after they determined a protester in the audience with a gun posed a threat to the Republican presidential candidate. they shouted as they whisked him away and a combination of local police and private security wrestled the suspect to the ground. Thousands of people scattered like a sea of screams rang out and authorities dragged the man away as he kicked and strained. Trump returned to the stage just five minutes later. Nobody said it was going to be easy for Trump declared. But we will never be stopped. never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. They get enough credit. They get enough credit. amazing people. Secret Service Swarms in to Protect Trump After Scare in Reno Trump had spotted the protester and claimed he was a supporter before asking security to take him out. As he returned to his Trump thanked a group of fans near the stage who had stepped in to subdue his attacker. You were he said. I saw what you were doing. Thats a tough group of people right that Nobody messes with our Trump then returned to his regular speech. JUST Trump was just rushed off stage during his campaign News 2016 Federal agents and tactical officers from Reno Police removed the man and placed him in a bathroom near a secure entrance where Trumps motorcade and the press vehicles were staged. Two audience members told that they had seen the man holding a firearm. That has not been confirmed by law enforcement. As police and good took him the crowd surged backward and strained against the press section. one man yelled. You people caused Audience members at the front of the crowd reportedly said they saw the man raise up a sign before a scuffle ensued. incident marked the second time Secret Service had to intervene to get Trump out of harms way. In March a man leaped over a police barricade during a Trump rally at an airport hangar in The was charged with disorderly conduct and inciting but he never reached the stage. Secret Service tackled him when he was still several yards away from the candidate. I was ready for but its much easier if the cops do we Trump said at the time. And to think I had such an easy What do I need this At this time a motive is not clear. source
That is a great video. glad I watched that again. plant this thought Thanks for the video link. The comments for that video also included this which strongly recommends grains over bread products. It may also be the that the higher heat of baking is more destructive to the plant chemistry than boiling or pressure cooking. plant this thought Other It may be the that the higher heat of baking is more destructive to the plant chemistry than boiling or pressure cooking. A particle of freshly ground flour is still enormous compared to a but grinding probably increases the surface area accessible to the bugs and the seed coat probably slows down which may be a good thing. Jack Hall The other factor to consider is that the increase in surface area increases exposure to digestive enzymes and degradation by which would increase absorption of nutrients in the small intestine rendering it less useful to bacteria once it has reached the colon. I would be interested in the the nature of the whole wheat rolls that were used in this study. Very often the difference in white rolls and whole wheat is minimal at best. They also tend to have added oils and frequently milk or whey. A real multi grain bread with higher fiber would likely do much better. looking for a good whole grain bread recipe if anyone can share one. I used to bake but gave it up a while ago. been thinking about taking it up again and trying sprouted grains. I remember the just that I had to add extra gluten to whole grain dough that my current oven Peter books are you might find them at your local library. Just remembered something noticed more than one of the centenarians Day seen interviewed make their own whole grain bread using freshly ground flour. Maybe theres something to freshly ground flour or homemade whole grain or maybe its the fact that they have a task to do every morning that gets them out of bed and keeps them active. One of my pet theories to back up that it makes a significant is that freshly ground flour will not have had as much time to lose as much nutrients and is not likely to be ground up quite as finely as what comes out of professional mills and for these reasons is healthier. Even if I know if it is healthier enough to make any kind of significant difference in health outcomes. Its just a pet theory of mine. But I like it Nick Most whole wheat rolls are about whole the rest refined.. they need to keep it soft and fluffy for that selling feature. Unfortunately buns are with the majority of grain being refined. been attempting a whole no oil or sugar bread. I add ground flax and with very little salt. The salt makes the rising and over proofing a major concern. Very hard to find a good recipe. Also using a bread machine is and I have the tools right now to mix and bake by hand J Good point if the studies did not use intact whole then that alone could be the reason no benefit was found. Also wondering if the whole wheat rolls or whatever else was used had emulsifiers in them. Some research on mice has shown that negatively impact gut bacteria. plant this thought My understanding is that the sugar molasses or is only there as food for the yeast of makes the bread I wonder if the sugar content could be titrated to an amount that will be completely consumed by the yeast. 1 cup whole grain flour 1 cups whole wheat flour 1 cup whole grain rye flour cup 7-10 grain cereal 1 tbsp ground flaxseed meal 2 tsp yeast 2 tsp salt whatever you 1 tbsp molasses 6 tbsp gluten 1 1 cups water I use a bread maker. Knead for 15 minutes then let sit for 20 the machine off and restart Then follow the machine cycle for whole wheat bread. You can substitute any other whole grain flour for the rye and it will be but possibly not as high a loaf. Bobs Red Mill has a big selection of whole grain flours you can try. No preservatives so its only good for a day or so but it freezes have been baking these whole grain breads for over a decade and will not willingly eat any other except whole grain bread. Once you start eating these fabulous whole grain breads you begin to believe that people can indeed live on bread and water. The refined ingredient is the gluten. You can reduce the amount of gluten but its going to get a lot flatter. is one of the very few refined products that I so okay with it for the time Thanks for taking the time to share a tried and true recipe with not usually one for making but you have me tempted with this recipe. I assure very much in the camp of whole grains are better than whole grain flours. guess bread is just another hangover I have from my previous SAD But I only eat one slice of bread a day usually. The stuff is very handy for making a calorie rich meal that you can eat while driving. And its good for sopping up the pot liquor from my red beans and collards. plant this thought No oil in this recipe. Is oil included in standard bread recipes just as a pan Is it not required if one uses a plant this I make enough bread to answer your question about what is standard. I can guess that pans would be one way to avoid oil. Another way is to just shape the bread in big round pillow and bake it in an oven instead of a bread machine. When you bake it in an you can put it on a silicon mat or parchment paper and I imagine that no oil would be needed in that case either. I . Stepping back a second. My While I typically avoid oils in the food I not opposed to occasionally greasing a pan for a special recipe. I think that is a reasonable way to use oils in ones life if I have heart disease or diabetes. Thats just my approach which sharing in case you would find it helpful. is an old fashion wheat flower that been messed with like the regular bread wheat. Its own content is much lower because of not messing with it. Your bread will be lighter using the flower with it. It is the stretching that helps the bread to rise. You made me laugh with the until know thing I wonder why theres people with sad diet and obese. I have been all my life struggling to loose weight even though I always ate healthy. I see people eating crap everyday and they just wont get fat. I liked this as Your voice kept on as pointed to the until now. Its your so why I need to go back and the videos. Thanks for your doc. J Sorry but although I found it it will keep me from sending it to skeptical people I am trying to convince to take this kind of work seriously. It humor. Just humor. Come lighten Its good for your Why do some people get fat and some stay thin when eating pretty much the same type of SAD Why do some people get or stay fat even when they try to eat Its a great question. one of the experts from Forks Over does a good job of answering that question at the beginning of his How To Lose Weight Without Losing Your hi i searched and searched last night but find the video i was looking for and am hoping you can direct me to it. G changed his recommendation from methyl to because a small percentage of people absorb the methyl. are you able to direct me to that From my has always recommended the form. Here are a couple pages where you see that An Ask the Doctor page from General nutrition recommendations from In the new book Not To talks about recommending the form because thats the one that is tested in studies showing that it works. We have the body of evidence showing that the other forms work. . If there is a page where talks about changing his recommendation on sorry but not aware of it. Great I had never seen this before. Would you add an even greater benefit to the mixed whole grains by chilling them before curious whether we would get the benefits of resistant starches with chilled whole grains. The studies we had seen previously showed a benefit when processed or refined grains where and then consumed. that works if chilled AFTER been cooked. They can be reheated and the resistant starches will remain. Mike What about whole grain pasta thats not even cooked in the first I sometimes pasta by just leaving it in cold water for a few and then using it in a bean pasta salad. I tried making bread without flour sugar and oil for over a year and finally let it go. Now I eat a slice of bread every day to satisfy my cravings for bread and 300 grams of cooked whole wheat and brown rice in their whole form. To cook it I boil 3 quarts of water and add 3 cups of wheat berries and a a cup each of pearl barley and brown rice and simmer for an hour. Quick cool it by running cold water through it in a strainer and bag it up in 300 gram fold top sandwich bags. You bring out a good bread is I cant find where I read it but wheat has some kind of substance it it. Bread is also an SOS food. In the average gets more salt from bread than any other food. Bread has a high higher than intact grains. Trouble when its the most convenient and appealing thing in the house. That it was. From now going to keep bread out of my house and have some baked potatoes or yams in the fridge. The breads and the silver hills breads are both healthy. I often microwave a large sweet then slice it and make thin toast for a quick bread. I did not see in the study descriptions whether the whole grain variety that makes a difference in microbial richness is required over the course of a or perhaps over the course of a week. Did anyone pick that good question and its an interesting answer the transcript says they used whole grain or whole grain brown rice and the combination of the two worked better than either alone . might be able to make a cold chopped salad using both grains that be bad hope that answers your question sorry I may have missed your question.. this page details showing the number of grams per day over the course of how many weeks . to is one of foundations of healthy eating. Research shows that variety even trumps volume types of healthy foods yields better health than more volume of healthy My understanding is that the way to achieve variety is to eat all the food groups over the course of a and a variety within each food group over the course of a week of or veg green Since the research only tested daily variety and not weekly we do not know for so in order to go with what we eat a variety of grains daily. Makes total sense to me They achieved a better result mixing two so I would think it would be very beneficial to mix it up over the course of the week. I plan on mixing up grains in salads more often.. throwing in some lentils and trying new combinations. thanks you said the t word. Ed Glad to see you more animated in your but this one needs fireworks and music. I recently tried a newer with 115 interdependent as I eat more lentils than most the changes were information can still kick my into another gear. Thanks. Previous Video
License The United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the world's that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The of the system simply insist otherwise. We have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering in Election or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent in Elections 1968 and or when the judgment is overturned by judges in Election The harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nation's but that truth simply cannot be recognized. Of democracy was far from excluding millions of including slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful such as counting slaves as of a person for the purpose of representation obviously slaves couldn't Advertisement the alleged voter fraud in Election concentrated largely in a former Confederate state and home to John vice presidential running could be viewed as an outgrowth of the South's heritage of rigging elections in favor of the War party of white Southerners. by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the and earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of 1960. Advertisement by the once solid South was but who was again the Republican presidential didn't want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. feared that with the War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided President could give the Democratic Vice President a decisive boost by reaching a peace deal with North President with his Security Advisor Henry in 1972. License The documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace campaign went behind back to persuade South President van to torpedo peace talks by refusing to attend. emissaries assured that a President would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South
License This is not about how politics controls research on cancer and other diseases. It is about a political economy in the name of is killing I got my score to assess degree of and it was not after 4 months of a heavy duty cannabis extract treatment and numerous along with a vegan diet. It didn't go down. After my cancerous prostate was removed 10 ago I had nearly 8 yrs cancer then two ago the score began to from to to to today's That is a low but it is growing and my treatments have not stopped it. I how can I have got cancer when since age I have been on an organic There are two not necessarily one as the man who discovered the cause of cancer that the cause is pollution. won the Prize but the kept him from accepting it. He said pollution caused cancer. The other theory is the genetic studies on twins seem to show that there is a genetic which may not cause cancer but predispose to make us vulnerable to the onslaught of pollution. So I am going to go with the idea that tho genetics makes some more it is pollution which is killing us. On a gross this is easy to see. Each millions die from fossil fuel in the 13,000 die from coal and tens of millions suffer from air not to mention water pollution as in and many other cities. Advertisement Why do we have so much Why haven't we switched to clean Why haven't we banned fossil which are poisons we eat and drink and breath every We know that pollution makes decreases increases makes us suffer and destroys the including climate Why is nothing being The reason is politics. The oligarchy is made up of those who profit from from the energy industry to the industry. In a these corporations which are killing us would be stopped. But in an oligarchy where the polluters all action is to prevent private profits trump public safety. Money trumps human health. Accumulating billions is more important than protecting the earth. This is a political within a system of oligarchic rule. We are being killed by cancer because the ruling class has hijacked government and made effective regulation impossible. We are being killed by since the fossil fuel elites know the damage their products do. And as I ponder my next treatment I ask everyone to consider how our mostly right but including the establishment Democrats. for has received 7 million from the fossil fuel people this year. is also on record of supporting Advertisement Here is what Sanders said of her in when you vote for virtually every trade agreement that has cost the workers of this country millions of when you support and continue to support despite the crisis that we have in terms of clean he said when you have a super that is raising tens of millions of dollars from every special interest out including million from Wall the people do not believe that that is the kind of president that we need to make the changes in to protect the working families of this concludes that past support of is well And so it is not only the Republican's who are blocking action to reduce the damage done by fossil it is also the who are bribed with millions to continue the status quo. Now says she wants solar on every roof. That is easy to and it will get some supporters to accept her. But her history is of defending the fossil fuel industry. And history trumps Early detection means early treatment License pollution is killing us. Both parties have protected this lethal industry to varying degrees. It as with so much that if we want if we want to stop killing ourselves with toxins in our air and food and we will have to finally end the rule of the oligarchs and establish a democratic where the leaders lead in ending pollution and transforming us to clean energy and with better health for our families and our earth.
Sales of emergency survival food are increasing as we approach election and rightfully so. With and other democrats hellbent on resuscitating a Cold War and the violent riots seen by protesters at trump many are seeing the signs and preparing for unrest by storing large amounts of it is quite normal to see foods rise in sales around election but survival food companies are seeing a particularly large spike in business this year as we approach election is more intense than what we saw in marketing for My Patriot a survival food told news. He says that last election season doubled their and this time around they have seen their sales triple. We have everyone we can on the phones. We are said Those who expect Trump to win fear a revolt from violent such as the riot seen in outside of a Trump rally. Others who expect coronation to the presidency are preparing for a possible World War 3 which may be a very concern considering rhetoric about involvement in and the establishment of zones in air space around not everyone is preparing for war with another country. Many are preparing for threats to their life and liberty. One of the major threats we face is the desire of politicians to take away our guns and the resulting chaos that would ensue. completely disregards the second and the possibility that she would enact gun confiscation across the country should not be discounted. This would mean a declaration of war on the or at least those who cherish does not think his customer base is fearing for any specific election outcome. He thinks that many just want to be prepared for whatever may come as a result of either of these candidates hear them no matter who I know I could take a positive step myself and secure whats he explained. securing their food supply. A number of other food suppliers are seeing an increase as Foods is predicting that sales will jump in the weeks following the said owner Cox. Legacy sells a package of a years worth of containing nearly 1,100 meals and sealed in Mylar are noticing the increase of sales of food and they are serving the market. is also getting into the emergency food market with a or one months supply of for Store owner is unsure what to make of the increased presence of at his military surplus supply Some are regulars in said They come seem perfectly and then talking about the apocalypse. You do a recalled seeing an increase of sales like this nearly two decades after the original invasion of really started in 91 with Desert Storm. People were worried about Scud missiles and chemical weapons from We had so many people waiting we almost close the doors. We sold every gas mask we could get our hands on. That was off the hook. Whatever reason one may have for there is no question that if disaster strikes and food becomes food will become a primary currency and food will become highly valuable. Theres no good reason to pass up the opportunity to prepare. Originally published 2016 Sign of the Riot Control Gear Sales Are Soaring Could the Next World War be Initiated with an Weapon Four Current Events that Could Challenge the 14 Reasons Why The Bubble Of False Silver Bullion or Junk Silver for
Brilliant Of Feminism From An Old Man Brilliant Of Feminism From An Old Man 2012 30 Comments Culture Many of you are probably familiar with On Everything a member of the old guard when it comes to the fight against feminism. His Hooking Up article gives a view of how feminism corrupted in a way that only a senior citizen who has seen it all can elucidate. What I get why are gals This is the world they wanted. They clawed and scratched and burned their bras and had court cases and threw fits to get exactly what they have. They hated men they men letting them copulate frantically like men had always wanted them to. or more likely their let them make themselves unattractive by dressing like and swearing like sailors. Finally men gave in and now women hate them for that . Whatever happened to Sally Sue might have teeth like pearls and brains and perky tits and a wacky sense of humor and actually be quite a but sex trumps art. If Sally say she knew that would. Women had themselves. It was a marvelous thing for the testosterone wads we think of as college boys. All you want is Uh what else have you or So Would sex be Would food taste I get it. Marriage make sense. Do you want to eat in the same restaurant all your Women happen then and happy now. Trying to please them will just sacrifice what you want while giving no guarantee that be yet we still have beta males and white knights fighting among each other to appease the unappeasable. Will they collectively realize their Maybe a more relevant question is if we want them to wake up. When looting the Best Buy after a I want to compete with other looters. Its possible the quality of goods Id be able to steal would be much less due to the competition.
Since we were we have been bombarded with propaganda that romantic love is the ultimate relationship ideal. and literary fiction all portray romantic love as an absolute necessity in any wedding but how much of that narrative has been a Is it possible that our pursuit of romantic love is actually preventing us from forming a lifelong pair began to question the notion of romantic love when thinking about its emotional root. Love is a fleeting and like all it comes and goes like the clouds in the sky. Why have I been taught to select my life partner based on an surely not encouraged to use emotion when buying a applying for a or doing my personal but when it comes to choosing a human being that supposed to spend the rest of my life advised by the establishment narrative to use emotion for the biggest decision of them major clue that romantic love is a childish strategy for choosing mates is the fact that countries with arranged where partners are picked based on purely practical have lower divorce rates that in countries where romantic love is used to select mates 1 2 3 While there are multiple reasons for divorce in any it is rather coincidental that the countries most impacted by notions of romantic love happen to have the highest divorce rates was invented It turns out that your desire to use love as a precondition for marriage or pair bonding is an invented construct that had roots in destroying tradition and theistic authority. a movement that began in the 18th put romantic love at the not just for individuals but nations as all from a central thesis of individualism. It wanted you to take the focus away from boring old rules and traditions to focusing on how you feel movement came primarily from bourgeois who used family money to fiddle away on idealistic writings. the Romantic Movement was nothing more than a protest against bourgeois bourgeois society and morality. To be extreme and flamboyant and unusual and violent even at the risk of becoming grotesque was the desire of every young Romantic. The Romantics in bourgeois who were trying hard to escape from their own shadows. Source Romantics believed that men and women ought to be guided by warm emotions rather than the cold abstract rules and rituals established by Bourgeois society. Source They sound a lot like modern day social justice warriors many of whom are trust fund babies that lash out against privilege and inequality to relieve the psychological pain of being wealthy without having had to earn it. Combined with the fact that also trump feelings over its clear to see how romanticists were whose individualistic ideas are just what the enlightenment needed to complete its destruction of what relationships should be based on Prior to the romantic love was the relationship form often described in literature and other historical love is the emotion which often gives people extreme feelings of and can also give people feelings of anguish. love is the form which creates a steadfast bond between two and gives people feelings of peace. Scientists have described the stage of passionate love as being on since during that stage the brain releases the same as when cocaine is being used. Source Song Of Songs in the Old Testament writers were not encouraged to muse endlessly about passionate and there is zero evidence it was used as the principal factor in forming new but its this passionate love that were told to strive of feeling like been swept up in an exciting before publishing the gory details on or in a bestseller like Eat Pray authored by a woman who is embarking on her second divorce of the romantic era played a big part in elevating romantic and why Its much more fun to get swept up in the excitement created by alpha male than it does to do arduous daily duties before you and God. Women were given the chance to pick between excitement or and we know what they have works of the Romantic Era also differed from preceding works in that they spoke to a wider partly reflecting the greater distribution of books as costs came down during the period. The Romantic period saw an increase in female authors and also female readers. Source modern era has doubled down on the notion of romantic love psychologist proposed the popular triangular theory of love which is often used today as defining the love ideal. This theory has caused immense harm for stating that all three forms of love are needed in equal measure for a successful who takes an introductory psychology or who reads a pop psychology will be exposed to this and walk away thinking that passion is absolutely required in a relationship. If its not the presumption is that the relationship is no longer consummate and far short of that romantic love and passion are necessary in a marriage makes it that much easier to exit out of because when a woman no longer feels she will walk away knowing that experts like would agree that the relationship degraded and was no longer worth saving. And this is exactly what modern women are doing in droves. They have shown an appalling disregard for their wedding especially upon realizing that they initiate of divorces and the rise of nationalism If nationalism came out of the romantic and passionate love was a does that mean nationalism is also a of Romanticisms key ideas and most enduring legacies is the assertion of which became a central theme of Romantic art and political philosophy. From the earliest parts of the with their focus on development of national languages and and the importance of local customs and to the movements that would redraw the map of and lead to calls for of nationalism was one of the key vehicles of its expression and revolution and armed struggle for independence also became popular themes in the arts of this period. Source closer its easy to see that the ruling agenda of globalism is essentially world nationalism. Instead of loving your and only those who share your unique traditions or supposed to love everyone in the world because its evil to think that there are large differences between a businessman in a Boss suit and a villager with a lip plate the size of a romantic ideal of nationalism is not but who insists on loving everyone in the world from the depths of your heartfelt human compassion. A nationalism based on genetics and local bonds will no doubt serve citizens better than a global nationalism where supposed to care for those who are nothing like should men choose their life Its clear that using romantic love and passion as your primary standard for relationships will lead to failure and maybe even personal catastrophe. easily come to this conclusion by evaluating your past relationships and the mistakes made on women who you had intense passion practicality must be the order of the day. You must logically evaluate any woman you intend to be with for more than a casual relationship by weighing her and sexual history. This is easier said than done because been so brainwashed to believe passion is but it simply makes the most amount of sense. Find a woman the same way you would find a new job or buy a new and be wary of women who picked you based more on passion than practical may sound cold to search for your wife like you would a business but that is exactly what she is. The life of a family home is far more business and economics than and so you should come to the easy conclusion that thats what you must use to form a stable that we do not live in a traditional and patriarchal society that aids us in our search for a virtuous woman. society is encouraging women to corrupt sexually and in the name of empowerment and making our search exceedingly difficult. This is one of the costs we have to pay for living in the modern world. Some men will be able to overcome but many men and will fail in their search for a woman they can create a family at least we are now armed with the knowledge of what it takes to have a more successful relationship. Its not romantic love or butterflies in the but a matter of practicality. Logically evaluate her her and her beliefs to make sound predictions of how shell behave in the future. From this evaluation will come a logical decision that is likely to instead of relying on which changes as readily as the direction of the Unconditional Love From A Woman Is Impossible
Written by To understand the situation in is to understand the key to the conflict in at this Will and its allies or the Army and liberate the capital of the State. It does not take a military genius to discern strategy in prolonging the military operation being conducted by the supported by to liberate eastern which remains occupied by Front and the moderates fighting alongside the group. Keeping the and military forces bogged down in eastern is key to allowing the coalition to complete the currently to take the city of from before continuing an advance across the border to take will then be established as the facto capital of moderate which will presumably under cover of a to become a counterweight to the authority of the government in Such a development would also establish a permanent US military presence in a country that has long been key to objective of dominating the region. That aspect of this strategy of illegal under the terms of the and is of minor consequence to an imperial power that has long viewed international law as an optional extra when it comes to pursuing its strategic and geopolitical objectives across the globe. When it comes to the Middle East we are talking a region rich in natural specifically oil. And though not vital in terms of US energy the sea of oil upon which the region sits is undeniably key to the stability of global energy prices. And that is vital to the US economy. As Gal Senior Adviser to the United States Energy Security observed in a 2014 While the US is not dependent on the Middle East for the physical supply of it is dependent on the region for price stability. The US economy is highly susceptible to spikes in oil prices. goes Over the past 40 years every major hike in oil prices was followed by a and most of those spikes occurred as a result of turmoil in the Middle the Oil the the invasion of etc. As far back as US Defense Secretary Carter was discussing the importance of to US military strategy in In a speech to the 101st Airborne Division at its Fort in on 13 he our campaign plans map has got big arrows pointing at both and We will begin by collapsing control over both of these cities and then engage in elimination operations through other territories holds in and It is an objective the US Defense Secretary trumpeted again in a recent interview with been long a part of our plan that the operation would kick off when it Carter revealed. This was a plan that goes back many months now and that would follow soon The howling at the moon been treated to in recent weeks from and its accusing and of targeting civilians in eastern is nothing more than deflection. It is designed to blunt what is an extremely difficult military operation to liberate a civilian population being held hostage by the sectarian butchers of and other terrorist using women and children as human shields. We know this to be true because despite and forces regularly establishing humanitarian corridors to allow civilians to leave eastern they are prevented from doing so on pain of execution. The hypocrisy is laid bare when we consider the lack of concern in for civilians living in western who have been subjected to a reign of terror in the form of daily and nightly rocket including poison gas from and their moderate allies in the east of the city. overarching strategy in the conflict also allows us to understand its refusal to separate those moderate rebel groups it claims to have some influence over from their as per the terms of the ceasefire agreed between and at the beginning of The ceasefire was broken just six days after it began by a killed dozens of troops during a battle against in the eastern city of which claimed was a mistake. Such a claim should be taken with the usual pinch of especially when we consider that lies adjacent to in eastern and therefore will be vital to any future joint and operation to liberate the city. Reaching before the Army and its allies is now essential for the constituting as it does a last throw of the dice when it comes to its objective of bringing down the government in which has long been a thorn in the side of US hegemony in the region along with the regional agendas of its closest Middle East and With fatally US strategists and the main are also weakened not to mention power diminished when it comes to the wider struggle for a alternative to the unipolar status quo. In a repeat of the race for at the end of the Second World with the outcome shaping the future of and wider world in the context of the ensuing Cold the future of the Middle and a world crying out for a alternative to US global hegemony now boils down to Reprinted with permission from RT . Related
Find The New World Political Alternative Home Mortgages and The Rumor Mill News Reading Room Posted Send Trump calls to thank him and all those that helped get the truth out to make this election victory happen. those that passed on information are and are deeply appreciated. Kings and Presidents from all over the world called trump to congratulate him and Trump took time to than all of us personally. If you enjoyed this Please consider a monthly subscription to Rumor Mill is an production. The only pay your moderators from ads. Please consider putting ad blocker's
Originally appeared at The Mire Following on from her recent piece for Time magazine in which she so eloquently explained why is indispensable and brings you an exclusive piece in which explains why an indispensable and exceptional nation must have an indispensable and exceptional leader. May contain traces of If theres one core belief that has guided and inspired me every step of my career in public its I am an exceptional woman. A compassionate to paraphrase And when you add up all my its clear indispensable too someone all others can look to for leadership. And what really excited about is not just that but that about to become President of the indispensable nation. An indispensable nation needs an indispensable woman. An indispensable woman needs an indispensable nation. Its a match made in which is why I am asking you to help me break the glass ceiling on 8th so that together we can become even more exceptional than we already are. So what makes me so indispensable in part because of my love for our armed forces. Our military is the greatest in with the best training and and I believe it is a travesty that we are not using it to its full potential. Its essential we do everything we can to support our men and women in and I intend to do just that by sending our brave soldiers on important missions around the globe from day one of my presidency. indispensable because of my commitment to the truth. Throughout my always sought to stay close to the truth. I know that theres a lot of folks out there who say corrupt. But those who know me closest will tell you that this the real Ask those who know me best. Ask my husband Bill. Hell tell you. Ask my campaign chairman John Hell tell you. Ask at Hell tell you. Ask some of our closest allies in places like tell you. They will all tell you about the real and that my commitment to honesty and fighting corruption is second to none. It may even be my most exceptional quality. Alongside humility. also indispensable because of my network of alliances and supporters. You only have to look at who they are. Has there ever been a candidate in the entire history of our exceptional nation that has managed to get the backing of the entire media and corporate I think so. But it does tell you I humbly submit that it speaks volumes that some of the most important people in our exceptional country are prepared to place their trust in me. indispensable unlike I need to rely on the help of people like and countries like to help get me elected. Can you imagine me having to rely on and to get Of course had to bring and up in this campaign from time to not because I want to keep bringing and into it. In the only reason occasionally mentioned and is not because I want to keep talking about and but because I have to keep taking about and because Trump is depending on and to get him elected and so I have to draw attention to and But trust if I had my way I bring and up at all. indispensable because of my commitment to helping countries get rid of their and establishing democracy and peace. Like for example. We came. We saw. He died. And the got their liberty. Most of indispensable and exceptional because of my values. Take my commitment to human which I have shown by being one of the most vocal supporters of a womans right to terminate her right up to a few seconds before the thing inside her becomes a human. Take my commitment to raising which my husband and I have shown through our tireless work with the and in making hundreds of speeches for various Take my commitment to making the world a better which shown time and time again by saying things like love trumps hate. Which it proud of that expression. But with all of these advantages comes responsibility I need to lead the world. You need me to lead the world. Because if I fail to I will leave a vacuum that lets and the and the severely backwards the of this and Baskets of take root everywhere. Of being exceptional mean that other people also have something to offer maybe they do. But I have an unparalleled ability to be a force for progress and prosperity around the which I intend to demonstrate on day one of my by standing up to and and showing and boss. Ill never stop doing good. Never. Thats what makes me great. good because and Ill tell you one Ill never stop. Thats why indispensable. Lets keep me exceptional. Did you enjoy this Consider helping Insider depends on your the more you the more we can do. Other amount If you wish you make a contribution of or please visit our Support page for instructions Click here for our commenting guidelines On fire
by Activist Post If Trump can help her then perhaps thats a good thing to do. former Trump campaign manager Trump achieved two great things in his presidential he stopped from occupying the White and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. Everything else is up for grabs. We will see. he has made some errors. The appointment of Mike as director is a bad move. as a introduced the Dark which now prevents the states from requiring labels on food. And he favors the death sentence for Multiple media outlets are reporting that Trump will not attempt to prosecute This is on the level of lowering the window shades for a vampire as dawn breaks. was certainly guilty in the email and the Foundation is a money laundering operation of global private and parallel State in which cash is the only standard for diplomacy. And these charges are mere fruit on the crime family tree. Pursuing justice is supposed to be a Trump hallmark. Politics in the Matrix is a tap dance and a shuffle. Deals and compromises are made all the way along the line. and its media allies suck their very life juices from those deals. Like some they thrive in the dark corruption of This traded for That. In many Trump exclaimed he was above the game. The deals he was going to make would all be on the side of benefiting he has a price to pay for asserting he was most definitely a different character on the political scene. That unbridled assertion was what drove huge numbers of people to show up at his rallies all over the country. They wanted an outsider who had a serious ax to grind with and the media. They wanted him to be angry and they too. They want a great because justice comes before healing. Many of them had felt the effects of Globalism and its grotesque trade treaties. They were out of and he was going to bring back jobs. But that their only motivation. They knew their jobs had been stolen by and they wanted the sword of justice to fall on those elites. They knew was an For these millions of Trump forgiving and forgetting and moving on presidential. It smells bad. They were never part of the New Age and they now. The coming together in their lexicon. They view anger as a character defect or a compensatory response that traces back into early childhood. They want bad people to pay for their crimes. would be at the top of their list. Helping her heal is a sick joke. They want her in prison where she belongs. They know her constant vapid calls for national unity during the campaign were a a cover for her lust for power. They see nothing redeeming about her. Its she fights the good and embraces evil. she should be punished. Doing so would set an example and a course for the Trump we back we back down. We separating campaign talk from presidential action. Were not trying to make that phony distinction. If Trump prosecuted to the full extent of the then of course the owls would come out hes he cant let hes hes hes a cruel this goes beyond any civilized sense of propriety befitting a real leader. So Is Trump the same man now that he was when he was Even asking that question seems because of course we know all politicians rearrange themselves after they win a victory. But Trump portrayed himself as very different. He stood on that difference. He celebrated it. He reveled in it. He took great pleasure in it. he has to pay the price. His supporters want to hear some garbled nonsense about how prosecuting would create a giant distraction from the job of leading the country. Trumps whole campaign was a distraction from politics as usual. Thats what gave him strength. Prosecuting now would be and and therefore it would be the most thing Trump could do. It would give him more support from his millions of people. And it would be right and correct and it would deliver justice where justice has been needed for a very long time. And when the whole host of sordid details about crimes came spilling out into the people who pride themselves on being in the camp of the beautiful and virtuous would realize who they have been defending. It would provide a valuable and the price of admittance to that show would trump the decades of waiting has endured in the case of The People vs. This case has now been canceled. Trump achieved two great things in his presidential he stopped from occupying the White and he ran against the media by attacking them mercilessly. Failing to prosecute is not a great thing. It is a very bad thing.
Home Gold Gold Miners The gold miners stocks have certainly had a wild ride this year. After initially skyrocketing out of deep secular lows into a mighty new bull they recently suffered a massive correction climaxing in an extreme plummet. This coincided with gold stocks major seasonal low in That heralds their strongest seasonal rally of the year heading into and through a very bullish omen for coming months. Buy 2017 Silver Pandas at the Best Price Submitted by performance is highly seasonal which certainly sounds odd. The gold miners produce and sell their metal at rates so the temporal journey through calendar months should be irrelevant. Based on these miners theres no reason investors should favor them more at certain times of the year than others. Yet history proves thats exactly what happens in this sector. Seasonality is the tendency for prices to exhibit recurring patterns at certain times during the calendar year. While seasonality drive price it quantifies behavior driven by and fundamentals. We humans are creatures of habit and which naturally colors our trading decisions. The calendar years passage affects the timing and intensity of buying and selling. Gold stocks exhibit strong seasonality because their price action mirrors that of their dominant primary gold. Golds seasonality driven by supply fluctuations like grown commodities as its mined supply remains pretty steady all year long. Instead golds major seasonality is with global investment demand varying dramatically depending on the time within the calendar year. This gold seasonality is fueled by and cultural drivers of gold demand from around the world. And the biggest seasonal surge of all is just now getting underway heading into winter. As the buying that fuels this metals big autumn rally winds the Western holiday season is ramping up. The holiday spirit puts everyone in the mood to spend money. Men splurge on vast amounts of gold jewelry for gifts for their and mothers. The holidays are also a big engagement with Eve and New Years Eve being two of the biggest proposal nights of the year. Between a quarter and a third of the entire annual sales of jewelry stores come in and And jewelry historically dominates overall gold demand. According to the World Gold jewelry accounted for of total global gold demand in 2014 and in 2015. That works out to about of annual gold demand. The first half of 2016 proved a historic as gold investment demand trumped jewelry demand for two consecutive quarters for the first time ever . Nevertheless jewelry demand still ran even in young gold bull. This Western jewelry buying heading into winter shifts to pure investment demand after Thats when Western investors figure out how much surplus income they earned during the prior year after bonuses and taxes. Some of this is plowed into gold in driving it higher. Finally the big winter gold rally climaxes in late on major New Year gold buying flaring up over there. So during its gold has always tended to enjoy major winter rallies driven by these sequential episodes of demand. Naturally the gold stocks follow gold amplifying its gains due to their great profits leverage to the gold price. Today gold stocks are once again just heading into their strongest seasonal rally of the year driven by this robust winter gold demand . Thats Since its golds own seasonality that fuels the gold stocks thats logically the best place to start to understand whats likely coming. Price action is very different between bull and bear and gold is absolutely in a new bull market . Between the secular low it suffered in and early gold powered higher easily exceeding that threshold. Golds last mighty bull market ran from 2001 to August where it soared And while gold consolidated high in that was technically a bull year too since gold just slid at worst from its peak. Gold enter formal territory at until thanks to the crazy levitation driven by extreme distortions from the Feds bond So the modern seasonality relevant to this new bull year of 2016 ran from 2001 to 2012 before the years between 2013 to 2015. This first chart distills down golds seasonal tendencies by averaging gold prices indexed within each calendar year. This methodology is essential because it renders price percentage moves perfectly comparable despite differing prevailing gold prices. Golds close on the final day of each preceding year is recast at a level of with all the following years daily gold closes indexed off that. An indexed level of 110 simply means gold is up at that point. Each calendar years gold prices are then averaged together to arrive at this seasonality. Gold has always had a strong tendency to enjoy major winter rallies . During its last years from 2001 to golds major winter rally started on average in late . Technically golds major seasonal bottom averaged being carved on that months 16th trading which happened to be 24th this year. From there gold surges into its strongest seasonal rally of the year. Between late and late in its last bull gold blasted higher on These big seasonal gains are much larger than the and averages seen in golds other major seasonal rallies in spring and That makes late one of the best times of the year to deploy capital into gold. That Western holiday buying fuels such demand that has long proved golds best calendar month of the year with average gains of While this bullish gold seasonality really moderates in with an average it soon accelerates again in on that gold investment buying. The average gain gold enjoyed in during those bull years between 2001 to 2012 makes for this metals third best month of the calendar year. This span is when gold enjoys its peak seasonal tailwinds . Unfortunately the great majority of speculators and investors remain wary of deploying into gold to ride its strong seasonal winter rally. Just like last the former are terrified of the next Fed rate hike once again arriving in speculators in particular have spent recent years fooling themselves into believing Fed rates hikes are golds mortal despite history proving that totally false . The record is gold actually thrives during Before todays there have been 11 since and gold has averaged impressive gains across the exact spans of all these cycles. In the majority 6 of these where gold actually its average gains were a staggering In the other 5 where gold its average losses were an Gold blasted higher during cycles when they started with gold relatively low and unfolded at a gradual pace. Gold not only entered todays current farce of a cycle at major secular the Fed under has never been slower in raising rates. With at least an entire year between its hard to imagine any more gradual. This setup is very bullish for gold . During its last cycle between 2004 to the hiked at 17 consecutive meetings for a total of 425 basis That more than quintupled the rate to an level today. Even though that was an gold still managed to power higher over that exact Rate hikes are no threat to golds strong winter Meanwhile investors remain distracted by the Feds ludicrous which is retarding gold investment demand. When stock markets remain near record highs and drenched in investors interested in prudently diversifying into gold. Since gold tends to move counter to the stock markets investment demand only surges when stocks weaken. Thats what ignited gold bull. As the Feds surreal levitation cracked early this stock investors flocked to gold via shares in the flagship Gold Shares gold When they buy its shares faster than gold itself is being this managers must issue sufficient new shares to offset all this excess demand and maintain gold tracking. The proceeds from these sales are used to buy gold bullion. Thus holdings builds show capital migrating into gold . In enormous build represented an incredible of total worldwide demand growth in gold In build accounted for a colossal of the total global increase in gold The reason golds bull stalled in is because holdings actually suffered a draw. When these lofty stock markets inevitably roll over differential buying will surge again for prudent portfolio diversification into gold. That will really add to golds strong winter amplifying its rally in the coming months. And golds strongest seasonal rally even need to be kick started by demand as it relies on strong holiday demand. So neither speculators fears nor investors current apathy towards gold thanks to stock markets are likely to short circuit golds strong winter rally this year. And if golds again thats for gold stocks in the coming months. They also enjoy strong winter thanks to because gold miners profitability and thus stock prices leverage golds price action. This next chart applies this same methodology to the leading benchmark Gold BUGS Index. Naturally closely mirror so the miners are also just entering their strongest seasonal rally of the year . On average in those last years from 2001 to the powered a whopping higher between late and late Gold stocks strong average winter rally bests their and rallies heading into spring and autumn. On average gold stocks major seasonal bottoming heading into their winter rally arrives on 15th trading which translates into 21st this year. Like their primary driver gold stocks tend to rally strongly in moderate in and then surge again in and And given the and fundamental setups for gold stocks entering this years winter the usual seasonal tailwinds are likely to help propel them much farther than usual . Just like gold and because of gold stocks entered a mighty new bull market early this year as well. Between and early they skyrocketed higher in just 6.5 It was a run. That left gold stocks overbought in the middle of their weakest time of the year seasonally. So as I warned in early gold stocks record summer surge soon rolled over into a major correction. That quickly ballooned to massive proportions exceeding the threshold for new bear markets in general stocks. Then gold stocks started grinding higher again in but were slammed by gold futures in Early this month the plummeted in a single trading one of its worst losses after stops were run. That was sparked by cascading forced selling in gold futures as gold slipped below By the time the dust the gold stocks total correction per the had mushroomed to a staggering in 2.2 Such an enormous naturally spawned great bearishness. So the gold stocks are now entering their period of the year universally despised and very low technically . These are screaming buy signals within ongoing bull greatly upping the odds gold stocks next major is just getting underway. Add the winter strong seasonal tailwinds to sentiment and and gold stocks coming gains should prove exceptional. The gold miners fundamentals also powerfully line up with the winter seasonal strength this really boosting the bullish outlook. These companies operating results will be fully released by And they are highly likely to reveal more big gains in operating profits despite golds recent weakness. Improving fundamentals will entice in more magnifying seasonal gains. Gold averaged in and in That gain in average gold prices led to enormous surges in operating profitability of the elite gold miners. They are represented by the leading the Vectors Gold Miners for the majors and its sister Vectors Junior Gold Miners for the juniors. These component stocks are excellent. Each quarter I analyze the operating performances of the individual gold stocks included in these top Their cash flows generated from operations are a great proxy for current profitability. In on that the top 34 component companies of saw their operating cash flows surge higher And skyrocketed an incredible higher average gold price climbed another from to despite golds big recent pullback. So those elite gold miners of and are very likely to soon report another major surge in operating It surprise me to again see big gains approaching which would certainly spark great trader interest. Improving fundamentals aligning with portends big upside. If the gold stocks were entering this period drenched in greed after a powerful the seasonal tailwinds probably overcome the healthy correction tendency. If the gold miners fundamentals were that would likely prove too much heavy lifting for But with the strong aligning with very bullish and gold stocks should surge. This last chart breaks down seasonality into monthly forum. Each calendar month between 2001 to 2012 is individually indexed to 100 as of the previous months final and then all like calendar months indexes are averaged together. While this period encompass most of gold stocks strongest it does enjoy the gains . On average in enjoys the gains of the calendar year at in terms. Thats not far off the best months of May and which have averaged rallies of and But unlike the months surrounding those other strong is followed by and average gains. This unparalleled consistency is what makes gold stocks so impressively strong. Continuing to march higher on balance ultimately yields better upside than the action throughout the rest of the calendar year. There are no significant in terms at all between and which facilitates exceptional winter gains. Of course the standard seasonality caveat applies that these are mere tendencies not primary drivers of gold or gold stocks. Seasonal tailwinds can be easily drowned out by bearish and fundamentals. May and August this year are perfect cases in point. Instead of rallying and in line with seasonal averages in the plunged and in May and August to shred Seasonality always especially when it align with the primary drivers of or fundamentals in that order. Gold stocks entered both May and August this year up at at new highs stretched far above the moving average. After rocketing higher in and surging up in performance mean reversions were due. Gold stocks resulting massive correction in August bucked the seasonal trends. While saw a gain in line with normal early plummet on stops being run was extremely excessive compared to normal pullbacks. Thus gold stocks are unloved and oversold heading into this years which is a omen for seasonal gains . The serious upside coming as bullish and fundamentals align with seasonal tailwinds can certainly be played with those popular and But because they hold so many gold their gains can only pace the at best. A carefully portfolio of elite individual stocks with superior fundamentals will really amplify sector dwarfing the performances. At Zeal spent literally tens of thousands of hours researching individual gold stocks and so we can better decide what to trade and when. This has resulted in 851 stock trades recommended in for our newsletter subscribers since 2001. Their average annualized realized gains including all losers are running way up at as of the end of Why not put our expertise to work for been adding and trades since that anomalous plummet in early These new trades are already detailed in our popular weekly and coming soon in our monthly one. Both draw on our vast and ongoing research to explain whats going on in the and how to trade them with specific stocks. Subscribe For just an you can learn to and thrive like a The bottom line is gold stocks are just entering their period of the year. Their big winter rally is fueled by golds which is driven first by demand from holiday jewelry buying and later investment buying. So both the metal and its miners stocks have strong tendencies to rally between late and late in years. Its the best calendar span to own gold stocks. And this years coming winter rally looks exceptionally bullish because the seasonal tailwinds wont be overpowered by bearish or fundamentals. All of these primary drivers are bullish today and closely aligned with the strong making for a powerful united force to propel gold stocks dramatically higher. Speculators and investors alike should be fully deployed for the coming months. On Sale At Bullion This Week Only
2016 The 2016 presidential elections were more than an they were a defining moment in history. For the first time in living the people rose up in a united effort to throw off their political masters and show the politicians and media who really owns this country We the People. There are many reasons why Trump won the presidential election and you can find articles galore proposing one theory or another. Of those articles are coming from people who are on the political right. For the mainstream media and other the verdict is Trump won because of racism and sexism. In their world it would be impossible for anyone to beat out their anointed were it not for those isms and any other ism they can find. But the fact of the matter is that the average conservative or moderate rarely thinks about unless it is merely as a means of describing ones appearance. We might identify someone as Black or but in our thats no different than saying that they are blond or brunette. Its merely a way of identifying the not as part of an ethnic minority or part of a group to but merely as a person who looks a certain way. Yet to people who are focused on race true the color of ones skin is everything. The ability to lump people in a because of their skin provides liberals with a way of dividing the country. Thus it is easier for them to influence and control certain parts of it. The liberal cries of and have become so common as to have dropped to the level of becoming a joke. other than those who are already in the progressive liberal even listen when those accusations come out. they see it as the lefts standard trump when they see that they are losing the argument. Somehow or a cry of racism beats out any argument in their no matter what the facts or logic say about the issue at hand. there are still way too many people who are willing to take that emotional argument and run with accepting that as their opinion on any person or without thinking it through for themselves. Yet those political masters have just been slapped in the face by a thing called reality. While they regularly call themselves the majority and refer to conservatives as the recent elections prove otherwise. In according to a poll by Pew there are more conservatives in the country than there are liberals. Perhaps thats why Trump managed to beat even though the media spent 18 months touting her as the next president. While there are many reasons why Trump beat including the way the two candidates ran their campaigns and many the crux of the matter boils down to mainstream being tired of the last eight years of liberal agenda. Liberals like to claim that they represent the ideals of the majority of citizens. Between outspoken Democrat the mainstream media and the fact that liberals are much more likely to demonstrate when they like their argument is almost convincing. But this election proved them wrong. Not only did they lose the presidential but both houses of Congress are in Republican hands as well. What did all it boils down to progressive liberals pushing their agenda too hard and too fast. They have literally tried to change the social fabric of society by rather than by more organic means. They overplayed their hand and this forced the silent majority to stand up and say and Ill have to they said it quite well. The liberals have lost control of two branches of our and over the next few well see them losing control over the third branch as well. As Trump has already presented the list of conservative judges he plans on picking from to fill Supreme Court we can rest assured that liberals will not gain control of the Supreme Court anytime soon. This was probably the biggest issue at stake in this election. Had won the she would have been able to select the replacement for Justice as well as two to four more Supreme Court Justices. That would give firm control of the Supreme Court to the liberals for the next 20 years or more. Does a Democrat Loss Mean That the Liberals Have Lost Their Does it mean the end of progressive liberalism as we know Are we finally going to see our country go back in a rational returning to our in my opinion. the liberals have definitely been dealt a serious blow and their agenda has been slowed down. If Trump is able to come through and fulfill his campaign we might even see some serious reversals of liberal policies in the course of the next few years. But this mean an end to merely a delay for them. Liberalism is alive and although at the moment confused and crying. They will eventually get over their collective fit and take a good look at the way things stand. If they can actually look beyond their own preconceived notions and see things as they they might even learn a few things about how the world works and come out stronger. They will be back and they will try to make us rue the day we voted Trump into office. Democrats face two serious problems right now. The first is that they have lost their leadership. Part of the reason why became the Democrat candidate for is that they have anyone else who was a strong enough figure on a national level that they could put forth. Sanders was probably defeated more because he was an than any other reason. The Democrats never trusted because he one of them. He changed parties shortly before the just so that he could run as a and once he lost the he left the Democrat Party and went back to being an independent. The Democrat cupboard is pretty bare in the leadership department. Its serious enough that going to have a challenge finding a candidate to float for the next presidential election. As soon as they get over their crying going to have to start working on that. The second problem that the Democrats have right now is a need to reevaluate their tactics and strategies. Even with pushing illegal allowing illegal aliens to and massive amounts of voter fraud in at least 16 they lost the election. Worse than at least for the is that the voter fraud propagated during this election cycle has been so that people across the political spectrum are noticing. A national cry for cleaning up our voting process is rising up. While the means for doing that are still under hot people are crying out for a transparent process. The Democrat Party has already promised to fight Trump at every turn. actually threatened trying to tell him that he had better toe their line. That just shows how little they understand the man himself. Those like all the other threats that have been made against will merely be exposed to the voting public and then ignored for the hot air that they are. The only chance that liberals have is to regain control of the White House or Congress. But thats not going to be easy. The legacy of overriding liberal manifested through his executive orders and massive is not going to be forgotten quickly. In Id have to say that the greatest hope that the Democrat Party has right is that Republican lawmakers will invariably disregard the voting public. It might take several years for that to but it will. when it there will be another chance for the Democrats to preach their message of hope and this against an entrenched Republican Party. While that battle will be a hard one to I can almost guarantee you that it will be won. So the key now is for Congress and the President Elect to accomplish as much as they as quick as they to turn our country back towards its roots. That will probably all be undone but in the it will slow down the inevitable crawl to becoming a more and more liberal society.
Archives On Television 10 Things That Every Should Know About Trumps Plan To Save The Economy By on 2016 Can Trump turn the economy This week Trump unveiled details of his new economic and the mainstream media is having a field day criticizing it . But the truth is that we simply cannot afford to stay on the same path that and the Democrats have us on right now. Millions of jobs are being shipped out of the country the middle class is dying poverty is exploding millions of children in have enough food and our reckless spending has created the biggest debt bubble in the history of the planet . Something must be done or else we will continue to steamroll toward economic oblivion. So is Trump the man for the If you would like to read his full economic you can find it on his official campaign website . His plan starts off by pointing out that this has been the weakest economic recovery since the Great Depression Last weeks report showed that the economy grew a mere in the second quarter and over the last year. Its the weakest recovery since the Great Depression the predictable consequence of massive trade deals and onerous energy restrictions. And Trump is exactly right about how weak this economic recovery has been. So how would he fix The following are 10 things that every should know about Trumps plan to save the economy Trump would lower taxes on the middle class The tax savings under Trumps plan would actually be quite substantial for middle class families. The following numbers come from a recent Charisma article A married couple earning per year with two children and in child care expenses will save from their current tax bill. A married couple earning per year with two children and in child care expenses will receive a reduction in their tax bill. Married couple earning million per year with two children and in child care expenses will get only a reduction in their tax bill. Trump would lower taxes on businesses Under his no business in would be taxed more than 15 percent. plan would tax some small businesses at a rate of close to 50 percent. So Trumps plan would undoubtedly be good for and it would encourage many that have left the country to return. But where would the lost tax revenue be made Childcare expenses would be exempt from taxation For working families with children this would be a great blessing. Without a doubt this is an effort to win over more working and this is a demographic that Trump has been struggling with. It is definitely an idea that I but once again where will the money come from to pay for manufacturers will be allowed to immediately fully expense new plants and equipment This would undoubtedly lead to a boom in capital but it would also reduce tax revenue. As an emergency measure this would be very good for encouraging manufacturers to stay in but it would also likely increase the budget deficit. A temporary freeze on new regulations Red tape is one of my big pet and so I greatly applaud Trump for this proposal. I think that Bob put it very well when he wrote the following about Trumps planned freeze on new regulations In 2015 federal agencies issued over 3,300 final rules and up from 2,400 the prior year. Studies show that small manufacturers face more than three times the burden of the average and the hidden tax from ineffective regulations amounts to nearly per household annually. Excessive regulation is costing our country as much as trillion dollars per and Trump will end it. All existing regulations would be reviewed and unnecessary regulations would be eliminated In Trumps plan would focus on getting rid of regulations that inhibit hiring. The following are some of the specific areas that he identifies on his official campaign website The Environmental Protection Clean Power which forces investment in renewable energy at the expense of coal and natural raising electricity The Waters of the United States which gives the the ability to regulate the smallest streams on private limiting land and The Department of Interiors moratorium on coal mining which put tens of thousands of coal miners out of work. Trump would fundamentally alter our trade relationships with the rest of the globe Trump is the first major party nominee in decades to recognize that our trade deficit is absolutely killing our economy. I write about this all the time and it is a hot button issue for me. So I definitely applaud Trump for proposing the following Appoint trade negotiators whose goal will be to win for narrowing our trade increasing domestic and getting a fair deal for our workers. Renegotiate Bring trade relief cases to the world trade organization. Label China a currency manipulator. Apply tariffs and duties to countries that cheat. Direct the Commerce Department to use all legal tools to respond to trade violations. Trumps plan would be a tremendous boost for the energy industry promised to kill the coal and that is one of the few promises that he has actually kept. also killed the Keystone and right now the energy industry as a whole is enduring their worst stretch since the last recession. To turn things Trump would do the following Rescind all the executive actions including the Climate Action Plan and the Waters of the rule. Save the coal industry and other industries threatened by extremist agenda. Ask Trans to renew its permit application for the Keystone Pipeline. Make land in the Outer Continental Shelf available to produce oil and natural gas. Cancel the Climate Agreement global warming to 2 degrees and stop all payments of tax dollars to global warming programs. Trump would repeal Trump claims that would cost our economy two million jobs over the next ten years. And without a it has already cost the economy a lot of jobs . Not only but has also sent health insurance premiums and this is putting a tremendous amount of financial pressure on many families. Trump says that he would replace but that is a rather vague statement. What exactly would he replace it Trumps plan says nothing about the Federal Reserve This is a great because the Federal Reserve has far more power over the economy than anyone else does. It is at the very heart of our and unless something is done about the Fed our debt bubble will continue to get even larger. Since the Federal Reserve was created in the value of the dollar has fallen by more than 96 percent and our national debt has gotten more than 5000 times larger. For Trump to not even mention the Federal Reserve in his economic plan is a tremendous oversight. We are in the midst of a economic and things have not gotten better during the years. If you can believe a study that was just released by even acknowledges economic performance peaked in the late and erosion in crucial economic indicators such as the rate of economic productivity job and investment began well before the Great Recession. Workforce the proportion of in the productive peaked in 1997. With fewer men and women in the income for the is reduced. Median real household income has declined since with incomes stagnating across virtually all income levels. Despite a welcome jump in median household income remains below the peak attained in 17 years ago. stagnating income and limited job prospects have disproportionately affected and leading inequality to rise. That same study found that the percentage of participating in the labor force peaked back in 1997 and has been steadily declining since that time If we continue to do the same we will continue to get the same results. Trump is promising and many of his proposals sound but there are also some areas to be concerned about. just tinkering with the tax code and reducing regulations is not going to be enough to turn the economy around. We need a fundamental overhaul of our economic and financial and Trumps plan stops well short of that. But without a doubt what he is proposing is vastly superior to and so he should definitely be applauded for at least moving in the right direction. More Jobs Shipped Out Of The Ford Moves All Small Car Production To trump will have an accident but mammy said trump will never become words also said trump will never replace me in the words from el exactly did mean red line 2.0 did say trump will never become on his him that was a red lets face it we all know track record when it comes to red lines It will only happen the way the One says it will the Creator on the says it will. Hopefully his changes will spur economic growth which will bring in more revenue as more jobs are not saying it just speculating that this is his plan. he wont be elected anonymous Nobody is they are selected. Elections are just a way to keep masses in check. So keep voting thats why anonymous. Coward too. anonymous You must be responding out of shameful ignorance. Its not your fault you are It is ironic that you are calling me out for posting when you are doing the same. Resorting to name calling THE just like in Ancient election season is bread and circus keep the masses entertained so they wont notice powerless and gullible Shell use that in the debate. he wants to be all hail You are in for a rude awakening We all if either one is elected. done my research. No choice is without risk. Trump is who Id like to see. Its time to think outside the box. If he gets perhaps in a 2nd the Fed Reserve gets axed. I cant stop thinking big with Trump. I cant stop thinking small with the leftist. With more than leftist population does look like the final nail. ha ha ha another twist on the theory. It works great for the top for your guns then theres economic massive across the board tax increases in the size of draw increases in entitlements all she did say she was continuing failed policies I have never felt as depressed about my own about the future of my my family and my as I do at this very moment. feeling the same way. Everyday the life is being sucked out of our wonderful nation with each passing day. noticed it ever since the 2008 but even more so after got reelected. The only thing we have to do now is hope for the best of our personal lives in the next few years. This downfall is inevitable. anonymous not the only one. Jerry C Most of us felt that way almost 8 years ago. Another stupid tickle down economy by the We should be taxing the rich . regulation and energy policies protect us from global warming health care help the poor and sick .. repealing will hurt all the economy gains we seen the last 8 years.. Bad deal from Trump. libs credit card economics yeah just let the 35 year old kids in their parents basement worry bout the of red thats just in 8 years Which is impossible to pay off. South The stupid in your comment just burns. not met one person who is retired who has benefited from the wonders of Their cost went way up for less choice and service. Maybe you could go get a medical degree and offer our services for free and help out with the problem. As for another money sucking joke pushed by scum who live in homes and waste more energy than any working class family. Speaking of how big is your Sleep with Trump in You do have your moments. THE oh you just want to rub your fingers through his thick blond you What saying is.. If you vote for Trump and single and admit to voting for a lot of women wont want you. Let me be blunt God called women into spiritual leadership as an exception to His in order to shame the men into bringing the nation back to and into exercising their God given responsibility to lead in the the home and in the nation. In no way does the Bible EVER paint women in leadership roles as a positive but it is something God uses to shame the men into action. Be SHAMED.. be very SHAMED G SOB THE and you wonder why your single THE but be the ugly not the mindless bleach blond Fox News types Satirist 1976 this is one of the best articles you have ever written. You presented Trumps solutions to issues that plague everyday Well done. This is not satire. Trump should replace with the free market and nothing else. Replace with individual Health Savings Accounts based on investments. Public hospitals with vouchers is also a great idea. South the government needs to get out of looting me with a savings account and make it free market all the way. You understand how it works. They tax those dollars you put into a Orange Jean Except that in most of them you select a certain amount each year and if you use you lose it. Who do you think ends up with the money expect a reward for being careless. No system can sustain carelessness South Exactly my point. Why do we have to put up with some over compensated elected person to let me do something with my never had a use for an but known people who do. But at least the scum implicitly acknowledge they are cheating us by giving us the privilege to use our money If some of us were not working almost 5 months of the year to support government and we had a real private health insurance and health care this would be a non issue. will win Peanut NO SHE WONT HE IS NOW NECK AND NECK WITH HER AND WILL EXCEED HER MORE STUFF ABOUT HER WILL BE COMING How much prior political experience does Trump He talks the but never walked the walk. But hey.. its only THE Maybe next well grab people off the street medical training to do Neither did Grant or have a prior though both had a strong military background. being The Supreme Commander of Allied Forces in World War II and Grant Commanding General of the United States Army How much military background does Trump no major company has filed for Chapter 11 more than Trumps casino empire in the last 30 years. He has filed four business bankruptcies. Maybe he thinks its just as easy to file bankruptcy entire government and walk away. Chow Political experience means nothing especially when someones political experience means the detriment of the nation. How much prior political experience does Trump have Oh yes theres was also instrumental in convincing Bill to bomb resounding success stories politics just equal How much military experience does and have zilch you mean like the idiot If she have a coughing epileptic seizure before the election. THE the fix is in just watch the electoral college your vote mean Not yet it Chow Why do people always mention electoral college when they understand what electoral college When looking at the map of blue or red those are just projections where Democrats or Republican voted favorably in the past it mean electoral college. Electoral college delegates are pick by the winning candidate in the state. All states in the national election are winner take all. So if the candidate wins in majority of the district in the state he wins all the state electoral college. THE just like super seems fishy is not winner take all. each congressional districts electoral vote depends on the vote within that district. And the minimum wage will go up. And unemployment will and government will spend even more. Orange Jean and little pink pigs will fly away from Foods and not get turned into Hey Genius. A Free Market solution led people to be denied coverage for nearly every malady under the guise of a existing condition. A Whistle Blower the Health Insurance Industry admitted as much. The more she came up with creative reasons to deny the higher she was promoted. The free market is the best thing Because it has some level of non hackers despise and envy this good system. What makes it good is that it benefits the majority of the not all. No system can. What happens if the majority are non Non hackers default to handout mode by finding fault with reality and they depend on a leftist government to provide a silver spoon for everyone. The market then is no longer free. you paying They take your premiums and then when you need to use it deny payment. Appeal it then. To The same person who gets a bigger bonus for telling you Are you an You sound like a confident young man. Just ignore me. Stick with your leftist ideas. Your choice. the once snider is now drowned by drivel. THE well he opened it up to a Chow When people runs out of argument or loses they start calling names which is exactly what you are. you sue or appeal your case. I explained that a big bonus follows when you tell people NO in the private industry. If you understand this YES you are an IDIOT. Jerry C Then payers should be free to leave and go to a provider who says yes in a fair market. THE meanwhile you die waiting for the appeal Chow Then sue them or perhaps you sign up for the coverage. Its like you got liability for your car insurance but you wanna be cover for medical when you get into an accident. Thats how insurance works. Simply banking in reverse and how the intended. Chow a free market system where you can acquire health insurance across state boundaries. wish to buy health insurance in where its lower even though I live in Why are people so obsessed with their Why paying endless on the chance I might get ill rather spend it on women and booze. I think its more of an obsession with the conditions peoples health. I had my appendix whipped out when I was time even though a heavy not I Feel Fine. Why worry what will be will be. He but he said that he wants universal I agree our medical the way it was was still the best in the world. People from were coming here for medical cause it was so much better. The government need to get into our medical. Years ago like in 1986 I was out of work and had no medical and went to a free clinic in my area and got waited on quickly and it cost me anything. I agree. On one some of Trumps policies sound but a lot of his proposals are dubious and a few are unrealistic. First of building a wall on the border is going to be very expensive and not very effective. He never really mentions how he is going to deal with Planned Parenthood. He obviously has no full intention of abolishing some bureaucratic agencies such as the Fed the the Department of etc. Reckless spending and debt is going to and tax revenue will never keep up with the expenses. I am not sure how he is going to replace His idea on how to combat is not practical. It would mean extorting the Middle East out of their oil and having a costly militarist operation in various countries. Its a recipe for World War 3. Even though he is anti at he is running on a major party which is rigged and corrupt. He refused to participate within the Republican Party and join an alternative political party. took the oil they Yeah they probably took but my point is that you easily defeat by confiscating the oil and having a double version of the War. By the I forgot to mention that Trump never spoke openly about civil liberties or mass surveillance either. I suspect that he will strengthen the so called war on which God forbid he would do. No more Bush please. expanded programs of and just paid 75 Million dollars. For a WALL built across their southern border. John You are some things add but Ill take him over any day of the week. still struggling with whether to vote in the presidential at having a very hard time with Trumps torture advocacy and his call for the execution of Trump cant talk about abolishing federal agencies because he would be killed on the spot. how are lower taxes going to help zero How is income in the middle class going to aid the systems Once you go off the cliff of a set system in a fixed you think there is any fixing it. I think higher taxes and lower barriers to growth are the answer. However the way the apple is peeled can only be determined post after the decision makers have decided the direction the country takes. That is why even if you take out the true ruining the best you can do is elect someone who identifies with the way of life and our decisions. How are higher taxes for failed government programs going to we need to cut federal spending not give it more money. Thats like giving a lazy bum watching and drinking beer another six pack. I think higher taxes and lower barriers to growth are the answer. How stupid can you Explain to me how taking more money from the private sector and improves growth and the Waiting .. You are proof of how well mind control by the elite liberals is working. It is this mentality that is meant to destroy the God induced US Constitution. When a nation has allowed four to take the whole nation down a rat hole of then the nation either digs back out or it gets drowned in darkness. There is a slim very slim chance that can dig out of the rat hole for a few but ultimately sin will drown this nation into the abyss. believe It is in the the only book that matters. sister soldier Amen and amen again. THE we will wind up with a one world government just like in Star Trek Next Generation the united federation of planets Leftist 1. A member of an ideological camp that defines socialism as a form of totalitarian secular an advocate for the management of people as farm animals. When the Leftist tried to convince me that North had the only true and just form of socialism on I gave up on trying to talk rationally with him and just walked away. if you would all stop patting each other on the back find the diversity among yourselves deplorable in the face of true knowledge. you changed your comment you liberal demagogues. But I give credit where its due. At least he is better than and not as conniving and deceiving as she is. I refuse to pick the least of two bad apples. .. Removing and reducing Defense budget will be huge saving for US. And will be good for rest of the world . Trump will not reduce military spending and his idea of replacing is only a secret plan. Do you think he will help you when you are It is not the job to do that. THE if he has any rooms empty in his crappy hotels he can rent them to the homeless and get refunded through section 8 housing Chow You cant even afford to step into his hotel lobby. I think they allow vagrants there. sister soldier the current sitting president already reduce the defense My bad . he reduced our defenses. You cant reduce the defense budget you need to raise the defense to protect our country from Ye Deplorable I would hope that after he is elected he will go after the Fed. Shut them down. Paleface and let the treasury print the that way avoiding paying interest to a private bunch of parasites. THE ask what happens when you try to go after the you cant can
Archives On Television 22 Reasons Why Starting World War 3 In The Middle East Is A Really Bad Idea By on August 2013 While most of the country is obsessing over the administration is preparing a military attack against which has the potential of starting World War 3. In it is being reported that cruise missile strikes could begin as early as . The administration is pledging that the strikes will be but what happens when the fight What happens if they sink a naval vessel or they have agents start hitting targets inside the United Then we would have a war on our hands. And what happens if the decide to retaliate by hitting If missiles start raining down on Tel will be extremely tempted to absolutely flatten and they are more than capable of doing precisely that. And of course and are not likely to just sit idly by as their close ally is battered into oblivion. We are looking at a scenario where the entire Middle East could be set and that might only be just the beginning. and China are sternly warning the government not to get involved in and by starting a war with we will do an extraordinary amount of damage to our relationships with those two global superpowers. Could this be the beginning of a chain of events that could eventually lead to a massive global conflict with and China on one side and the United States on the Of course it will not happen but I fear that what is happening now is setting the stage for some really bad things. The following are 22 reasons why starting World War 3 in the Middle East is a really bad idea The people are overwhelmingly against going to war with strongly oppose intervention in civil war and believe should stay out of the conflict even if reports that government used deadly chemicals to attack civilians are a poll says. About 60 percent of surveyed said the United States should not intervene in civil while just 9 percent thought President should act. At this a war in is even more unpopular with the people than Congress is . The administration has not gotten approval to go to war with from Congress as the Constitution requires . The United States does not have the approval of the United Nations to attack and it is not going to be getting it. has said that it will use all means available to defend itself if the United States attacks. Would that include terror attacks in the United States Foreign Minister made the following statement on have two either to or to defend ourselves with the means at our disposal. The second choice is the we will defend ourselves has just sent their most advanced missiles to What do you think would happen if images of sinking naval vessels were to come flashing across our television When the United States attacks there is a very good chance that will attack Just check out what one official said member of the national council until recently the propaganda ministers said on that views as behind the aggression and therefore it will come under fire should be attacked by the United States. In an interview for the radio station in President fellow party member We have strategic weapons and we can retaliate. the strategic weapons are aimed at stressed that the threats will not influence the regime and added that If the US or err through aggression and exploit the chemical the region will go up in endless affecting not only the areas but the worlds. If attacks the consequences could be absolutely catastrophic. Prime Minister is promising that any attack will be responded to are not a party to this civil war in but if we identify any attempt to attack us we will respond and we will respond forcefully will likely do whatever it can to fight for the survival of the regime. That could include striking targets inside both the United States and closest ally is Will sit idly by as their closest ally is removed from the Starting a war with will cause significant damage to our relationship with On Deputy Prime Minister said that the West is acting like a monkey with a hand grenade . Starting a war with will cause significant damage to our relationship with China. And what will happen if the decide to start dumping the massive amount of debt that it is Interest rates would absolutely skyrocket and we would rapidly be facing a nightmare scenario . and have compiled some startling evidence that it was actually the rebels that the is supporting that were responsible for the chemical weapons attack that is being used as justification to go to war with With the assistance of former member and native has assembled evidence from various Middle Eastern sources that cast doubt on administration claims the government is responsible for last weeks attack. You can examine the evidence for yourself right here . As Pat recently it would have made absolutely no sense for the regime to use chemical weapons on defenseless women and children. The only people who would benefit from such an attack would be the rebels The basic question that needs to be asked about this horrific attack on which appears to be gas To whose benefit would the use of nerve gas on women and children Certainly not as we can see from the furor and threats against him that the use of gas has produced. The sole beneficiary of this apparent use of poison gas against civilians in territory appears to be the who have long sought to have us come in and fight their war. If the really want to topple the regime they should do it themselves. They should not expect the United States to do their dirty work for them. A former commander of Central Command has said that a attack on would result in a very serious war . A war in the Middle East will be bad for the financial markets. The was down about 170 points today and concern about war with was the primary reason. A war in the Middle East will cause the price of oil to go up. On the price of oil rose to about a barrel. There is no way in the world that the government should be backing the rebels. As I discussed a few days ago the rebels have pledged loyalty to they have beheaded numerous and they have massacred entire villages . If the government helps these lunatics take power in it will be a complete and utter disaster. A lot of innocent civilians inside will end up getting killed. a lot of are expressing concern about what foreign intervention will mean for them and their families always been a supporter of foreign but now that it seems like a been worrying that my family could be hurt or said one who opposes afraid of a military strike now. The big fear is that make the same mistakes they made in and said a man in his hit civilian and then cry that it was by but well get killed in the thousands. If the government insists on going to war with without the approval of the the Congress or the United we are going to lose a lot of friends and a lot of credibility around the globe. It truly is a sad day when looks like the good guys and we look like the bad guys. What good could possibly come out of getting involved in As I wrote about the other day the rebels that is backing are rabidly rabidly and rabidly If they take control of that nation will be far more unstable and far more of a hotbed for terrorism than it is now. And the downside of getting involved in is absolutely enormous. and all have agents inside this and if they decide to start blowing stuff up that will wake up the people to the horror of war really quick. And by attacking the United States could cause a major regional war to erupt in the Middle East which could eventually lead to World War 3. I know about but I think that starting World War 3 in the Middle East is a really bad idea. Let us hope that cooler heads prevail before things spin totally out of control. It Is Illegal To Feed The Homeless In Cities All Over The United States There is no need for a war. Just let them all kill each the sooner the world is free from the idiocy that abounds throughout the entire middle east including the better off the rest of us will be. Does anyone out there see this ending The US and its Allies care what happens in the Middle East. In fact its my view that they would prefer absolute chaos and a full blown out war. As the mantra in 1992 Elections Its all about the economy stupid. And the same applies here as well. This is all desperation as the US knows whats coming economically. If they can ramp up their Military Industrial Complex it could help boost the economy. That is the primary business the US is in. Its all about war and spying. I do hate constantly repeating the man but its needed here as well. This all played out during the Great Depression except this time all the fiat based currency nations are in the same boat as the US and this time they have nukes Trade Currency World wars On the a few may benefit the and huge shareholders of etc but the economy would be hurt by threats to decreased stability in the and so on. They care about the if they did they would have implemented stark programs to bring millions back to work. its been business as usual with and shipping jobs overseas. No. It wont. Bad Kitty Cat Not at all and I also wonder how many US allies are going to join I believe there is a strong desire for old fart As usual they will join in for the first few months then slowly fade away leaving the US stuck with the whole mess. it has happened every time this time we are having a revisit to the That mess lasted for 200 years and was never settled it just quieted down for a mutual draw. Short of the second I see no happy endings to this play. No good ending. Cataclysm perhaps. I got a bad feeling about this whole thing the US is being led like a lamb to slaughter. We should just back off of the whole its not worth it. No. tom No I Thank you for keeping us informed on many fronts. I share your work everyday in and on I hope that people are listening to what you are saying ego will kill us all There would be plenty of sand for the building or Rebuilding I think we are on the verge of a economic collapse and a world war. With everything going on in just this country i will be surprise if we make in till the end of I have said this before. The train is just about to go over the cliff. Yes. true I believe its a distraction. is New year and they do some crap during the Month of like 911 What is coming to next month could be 100 times worse than what they would do to needs to be more prepared and ready than it seems It could be a distraction to cause chaos in They know no one wants war in and even lame stream is publishing that story and of comments on main stream news sites like is against war . I believe is their next target not even though they are making it look like its and . Even if this does not turn out this way need to be prepared for all scenarios they are center of all problems created by the cabal. good luck friends and join forces is Strength . my mother got Dodge Dart Sedan by working from a home see this website w w E P o m old fart How much was she charging per When the stuff hits the fan every should make sure to shoot at least two before they get shot themselves. That way we win. How can this not be a part to the End And yet ignorance and apathy are the order of the day for most folk. I agree more. I think this we will have our eyes opened. This train is in full speed. I have been stocking up for the last 2 years on ammo and sanitation. The biggest problem I have run into is income and cost of ammo. The ammo price has come down and some sites are catching up and seem to be the best The ammo shortage hurt the last but my income seems like it has dwindled over the last 2 years. Josh It has been a rough couple of months. I always check and it seems like bulk ammo and have the best bulk prices. forget food and medical. Keep your powder dry. If keep a full tank of gas at all times. It seems like things are going faster than what we know. Gay Veteran as says about the when all else fails they take you to war Oil at above per barrel will decimate many economies. Especially it the suppliers demand Gold or a currency other than dollars for it. If starts a foreign war without Congressional approval can he be Would his impeachment placate and Celery Muncher Impeachment faze Bill and it certainly wont faze King the rodeo clown. These people will simply laugh at the impeachment proceedings and there are not enough congressmen with guts to remove the from office even if he was impeached. will go on his merry way doing what he pleases because everyone is so scared of being branded a racist that their balls are frozen in their pants . Gay Veteran There is bipartisan agreement on empire abroad and the national state at home drama Bingo If the President takes us to war without Congressional I will call for his impeachment. The Constitution is clear. And so am I. 2007 The President does not have power under the Constitution to unilaterally authorize a military attack in a situation that does not involve stopping an actual or imminent threat to the nation. 2007 THIS time must be different. Its but those hypocrites will never be held accountable for their words and actions by a great many of the lemmings in this country. We are truly getting the government we deserve. my mom in law just got Sonata Sedan by working at home see this page w w A M o m the president can authorize military short of declaring if it is in support of treaties or through the request of the Thats the way things have been changed and Gay Veteran and NONE of those apply in Attacking a sovereign country is an act of war. And an attacked country has the right to defend by sinking the attacking fleet. He said that in started in and in 2003. What war was referring conflict. Over amount of years prospered with the highest public debt. Without wars on its territory and so on.. Economy collapse is inevitable. To hold it needs to seed and war in other countries. To keep ourselves stable to keep dollar high value without gold dollar is just a We made that changed management of all those countries. Who agree was murdered who did like was changed by our man. Now we expect another wave of economical collapse. We NEED to seed fear and east. And its not Hes just a puppet.. We made hugest and well trained army with the top weapons on other countries money But It wont last forever o aye pal for sure its changed his bacon for he goes for a 5 mile run now before thinking about war and fat soldiers not being able to run from their turbo tanks it takes an soldier at least 2 hours to put his make up on first Notice how found in many pesticides most manufactured by and which have killed up to of bee populations around the world are not an imminent threat to the even though this action is considered Terrorism under US any action that endangers the food supply IS terrorism. We accepted our orders for gas masks today. 2 adult 3 children sizes. Got them for shipping. Also got some extra med potassium and more food. We will get hit. The US will get struck again and no country will cry for us. Could we take on the international Only if we use on too. and will retaliate. Congress needs to move to stop as this is enough to prove he and his entourage are incapable of ensuring the welfare of the United States. Impeachment needs to be arrests need to be trials must commence and sentences if judge and congressional jury find guilty anyone for crimes against this people. We must support such actions by or we will pay the not them. Where did you get the Were filters That is leftovers bought on Amazon. I also bought the new canisters assuming the included cans are expired. I looked and the Amazon review show the items are old and may not be useful and attack. Some are as old as 40 years. If you are worried about gas you can make a filter for an air conditioning unit. get all of the supplies you a lot of baking soda and wood charcoal piece of a scale a large 2 pillow a plastic or metal and duct tape. Pour the baking soda into a pot and weigh it. After recording the place on heat source and cook it for a few minutes. Remove and then repeat. When the scale no longer shows change in pour the powder into a pillowcase and make more if necessary to fill to pillowcase about half way or more. This process converts the sodium bicarbonate into sodium carbonate or activated Now pour the charcoal onto the pot and use a piece of wood to crush the charcoal into smaller about the size of wheat grains. Pour into pillow case and make more if necessary to fill to pillowcase about half way or more. Some dust will fall out let it. drill or cut two holes big enough to snuggly fit the air intake hose of your unit into the plastic or metal box on the shorter sides. Place the bag of soda ash on one the bag of charcoal on the other side. Seal with duct tape generously. Now attach the air intake hoses of your unit on the unit with the air entering the charcoal and the soda ash second. Duct tape generously on both ends. We built this last year when the ash and smoke from local wildfires were choking the air around us. We were supremely comfortable with filtered air. Will it work for chemical The soda ash is the same ingredient used in gas but I really know. Works great for smoke and and chili but I have no real data that it will work for Can some experts chime Two easy reasons to Racial Guilt and Desire for Something for Nothing. There you go. A very good chance that we will get hit. Major city and who knows where else. Get some food and water together. Might be inside for a few days as chaos occurs in the streets. One of those times a carbine would be handy Why did such a good nation decide to itself over this Were so much better than I think that as a nation you became distracted with trivial entertainment. The world banking system got its claws back into you after all that hard work by the founding fathers to escape it. Hopefully once enough of your own people are affected by the actions of your government you will rediscover your revolutionary roots. Gay Veteran Congress needs to move to stop . you assume they disagree with him hoping do their job for once. Gay Veteran we will all be because there is NO difference between the 2 parties All people have the government they deserve. Heres how this could play out. We invade Its a leaping point to go to war with who has already threatened war with if we invade. will sign the Small Arms and troops have already been training on US soil for over a year to disarm I believe they will stage some false flag event in region 3 which has been urgently stockpiling by no later than 1 according to all their requests for supplies. a they are stockpiling a A ton in region Martial law will be declared enforced by our militarized some patsy will be and they will jump from to had a behind the scenes meeting with the highest level financial people in the US last week. The last time this they took out gold. I think they will use the war and false flag events to perform a simultaneous engineered collapse of the economy because they know we cannot recover from our debt burden hoping the no information voters will blame the evil for our economic problems. Just like we become a dictatorship overnight. I looked it up about the stockpiling for region 3. That makes good sense to concentrate around there for the sake of the powers in want to make sure they have any disruptions in their cocktail parties and lasciviousness. They stockpiled around the during the battle for Makes sense to do that sort of thing when they make unpopular and more blatant illegal actions against their own people. K Excellent comment. The idea behind troops it would be easier to get them to fire on civilians. I wonder if the puppet masters every gave any thought to the that would cut both ways. K spotted in Turkey yesterday. I have never heard of them deploying them outside the Country before. The Check is in the Mail Over the top but I understand the concern. It is not like the fools in have earned any trust. old fart How can that be after all Zero won the Peace Prize. cross I blame white men who are profiting of the weapons dealing. Of all of you will ignore that fact. 1st came and ya K Ever since they passed that war on terror resolution in 2001. It seems no President feels they need clearance from anyone. Can this end Only if a agreement has been made with and China. A certain number of missiles fired at certain agreed on targets. In exchange they stick to just stern words. If such an agreement does not exist. Then the first could easily cause everyone in the to bring out their new toys. And that will not end well. A D OIL is naturally occurring GOD created the earth everything in it. There is enough OIL in the but the and other idiots will not allow them to drill. Just like AIR now carbon is a so many idiots believe all of the LIES trumped up by elites. OIL is naturally occurring the Oil process. We wont ever run out of oil. Any idea why its called organic Coming Fast That will change. It is ALL going to change once the fur begins to fly domestically and abroad. Things that will be Even the liberal fools will be begging to drill. But they will not understand that decades of no new refineries means terrifying shortages caused by them. No more discretionary spending on etc. it will but a tenth of what is evident now. The extra will no longer be part of life. Maybe not so bad. Roving bands of gangs and criminals will be put down by law abiding citizens with guns. People will no longer accept crime. Bring back the death penalty and frontier justice. It is coming. The I was disadvantages growing up will only get a bullet in the head. The nation will no longer be able to afford and tolerate the rape of society. will be a disaster. and the Left will blame it on the but that will only work for the hardcore remnant of his supporters. The rest of the nation will marvel at its stupidity for not pushing back sooner. But they will realize the system has been so destroyed that it will take years to bring back what we had. WHERE TO It is so obvious. Gay Veteran at what yeah you can have all the oil you want here at a barrel to get one you have to spend 5 barrels in energy. Someone else who actually gets A D OIL you name the and elitist will do whatever it takes NOT to let a good crisis go to waste.. quoted from thugs. one of my local stations had a poll on their website if the should strike and the results were NO. Bill Best poll of many asking the same question shows in favor. Still show the idiot in chief is listening to we the Pike The thugs who control the are allied with those who control Birds of a feather Godless have joined forces for totalitarian worldwide Our industry and gold has been intentionally transferred to China. Expect to see in the not if allows it. The will never look like the good guys. Covington It could be that a coup will be required. I hope not. Over amount of years prospered with the highest public debt. Without wars on its territory and so on.. Economy collapse is inevitable. To hold it needs to seed and war in other countries. To keep ourselves stable to keep dollar high value without gold dollar is just a We made that changed management of all those countries. Who agree was murdered who did like was changed by our man. Now we expect another wave of economical collapse. We NEED to seed fear and east. And its not Hes just a puppet.. We made hugest and well trained army with the top weapons on other countries money But It wont last forever Bill Its ironic that we have a war brewing as the debt limit comes to a head again. Big drop in the 10 yr as leave the stock market for the safety of bonds. Any guess where the 10 yr will be in 90 Smith
By United States is so committed to the notion that its electoral process is the worlds gold standard that there has been a bipartisan determination to maintain the fiction even when evidence is overwhelming that a presidential election has been manipulated or stolen. The wise men of the system simply insist have seen this behavior when there are serious questions of vote tampering in Election or when a challenger apparently exploits a foreign crisis to create an advantage over the incumbent in Elections 1968 and or when the citizens judgment is overturned by judges in Election Bush and photographed together in the Oval Office in 1991. from a White House photo that also included Presidents Ford and Jimmy harsh truth is that pursuit of power often trumps the principle of an informed electorate choosing the nations but that truth simply cannot be democracy was far from excluding millions of including slaves and women. The compromises needed to enact the Constitution in 1787 also led to distasteful such as counting slaves as of a person for the purpose of representation obviously slaves the alleged voter fraud in Election concentrated largely in a former Confederate state and home to John vice presidential running could be viewed as an outgrowth of the Souths heritage of rigging elections in favor of the War party of white by pushing through civil rights for blacks in the and earned the enmity of many white Southerners who switched their allegiance to the Republican Party via Southern strategy of coded racial messaging. also harbored resentments over what he viewed as his unjust defeat in the election of Treason by the Democrats once solid South was but who was again the Republican presidential want to leave his chances of winning what looked to be another close election to chance. feared that with the War raging and the Democratic Party deeply divided President could give the Democratic Vice President a decisive boost by reaching a peace deal with North with his Security Advisor Henry in documentary and testimonial evidence is now clear that to avert a peace campaign went behind back to persuade South President van to torpedo peace talks by refusing to attend. emissaries assured that a President would continue the war and guarantee a better outcome for South had strong evidence of what he privately called treason from wiretaps in the days before the 1968 election he and his top advisers chose to stay silent. In a 1968 conference call Secretary of State Dean National Security Advisor and Defense Secretary three pillars of the Establishment expressed that with explaining the elements of the story are so shocking in their nature that wondering whether it would be good for the country to disclose the story and then possibly have a certain individual said. It could cast his whole administration under such doubt that I think it would be inimical to our words expressed the recurring thinking whenever evidence emerged casting the integrity of electoral system in especially at the presidential level. The people were not to know what kind of dirty deeds could affect that this the major news media will not directly address the issue of treachery in despite the wealth of evidence proving this historical reality now available from declassified records at the presidential library in In a puckish recognition of this ignored the archivists call the file on sabotage of the peace talks their see on Treason. evidence also strongly suggests that paranoia about a missing White House file detailing his treason top secret documents that had entrusted to at the end of presidency led to creation of the a team of burglars whose first assignment was to locate those purloined papers. The existence of the plumbers became public in 1972 when they were caught breaking into the Democratic National Committees headquarters at the in Security Adviser shows President a model of a battle near in Archive the scandal remains the archetypal case of dirty the major news media never acknowledge the link between and far more egregious dirty trick four years sinking peace talks while 500,000 soldiers were in the war zone. In part because of sabotage and his promise to of a more favorable outcome the war continued for four more bloody years before being settled along the lines that were available to in 1968. The Heinous Crime Behind gets walled off as some anomaly that is explained by strange personality. even though resigned in disgrace in he and his National Security Advisor Henry who also had a hand in the peace talk reappear as secondary players in the next case of obstructing a sitting presidents foreign policy to get an edge in the 1980 Surprise Caper In that President Jimmy Carter was seeking reelection and trying to negotiate release of 52 hostages then held in revolutionary campaign feared that Carter might pull off an Surprise by bringing home the hostages just before the election. this historical mystery has Did team take action to block Carters delivering his Inaugural Address on as the 52 hostages in are simultaneously testimonial and documentary evidence that team did engage in a secret operation to prevent Carters Surprise is now almost as overwhelming as the proof of the 1968 affair regarding peace talk evidence indicates that campaign director organized a clandestine effort to prevent the hostages release before Election after apparently consulting with and and aided by former Director who was vice presidential running early the publics obsession with humiliation of the United States and Carters inability to free the hostages helped turn a narrow race into a landslide. When the hostages were finally let go immediately after inauguration on his supporters cited the timing to claim that the had finally relented out of fear of the the administration signed off on secret arms shipments to mostly through what a variety of witnesses described as the payoff for cooperation in getting elected and then giving him the extra benefit of timing the hostage release to immediately follow his President Bush with Director at the White House on 1981. was clear to me after my conversations with people on high that indeed we had agreed that the could transship to some military equipment. seems to have started in earnest in the period probably prior to the election of as the had identified who would become the new players in the national security area in the administration. And I understand some contacts were made at that early covert arms shipments to evolved into a later secret set of arms deals that surfaced in fall 1986 as the with some of the profits getting recycled back to beloved Contra rebels fighting to overthrow leftist of the Story By the early the mainstream news media was also tired of the complex scandal and wanted to move on. As a correspondent at I had battled senior editors over their disinterest in getting to the bottom of the scandal before I left the magazine in 1990. I then received an assignment from to look into the 1980 Surprise which led to a documentary on the subject in The Election Held by Parry and by fall just as Congress was agreeing to open an my at along with The New then an elite publication interested in protecting exposure on those early arms went on the attack. They published matching cover stories deeming the 1980 Surprise case a but their articles were both based on a misreading of documents recording attendance at a conference in in which he seemed to have used as a cover for a side trip to to meet with senior regarding the the bogus Republic alibi would eventually be it created a hostile climate for the investigation. With Bush angrily denying everything and the congressional Republicans determined to protect the Presidents the Democrats mostly just went through the motions of an State Department and White House counsels office saw their jobs as discrediting the incriminating and helping a key witness dodge a congressional I discovered a document at the Bush presidential library in College confirming that had taken a mysterious trip to in 1980. The confirmation of trip was passed along by State Department legal adviser D. to Associate White House Counsel Chester Beach in early just as the congressional inquiry was taking said that among the State Department material potentially relevant to the Surprise allegations cable from the embassy indicating that Bill was in for purposes Beach noted in a memorandum for record dated days on White House counsel C. convened an strategy session and explained the need to contain the congressional investigation into the Surprise case. The explicit goal was to ensure the scandal would not hurt President reelection hopes in White House counsel under President the Gray laid out how to thwart the Surprise which was seen as a dangerous expansion of the investigation. The prospect that the two sets of allegations would merge into a single narrative represented a grave threat to reelection campaign. As assistant White House counsel put it the White House goal in 1991 was to this explained the stakes at the White House strategy session. Whatever form they ultimately the House and Senate Surprise like will involve concerns and be of special interest to the Gray according to minutes . in touchstones cited by Gray were No Surprises to the White and Maintain Ability to Respond to Leaks in Real Time. This is Partisan. White House talking points on the Surprise investigation urged restricting the inquiry to 1979-80 and imposing strict time limits for issuing any Democrats But White House really had little to fear because whatever evidence that the congressional investigation received and a great deal arrived in 1992 and 1993 there was no stomach for actually proving that the 1980 campaign had conspired with radicals to extend the captivity of 52 in order to ensure election Rep. Lee would have undermined the faith of the people in their democratic process and as said in the 1968 would not be good for the 2014 when I sent a copy of memo regarding trip to to former Rep. Lee who had chaired the Surprise inquiry in he told me that it had shaken his confidence in the task forces dismissive conclusions about the Surprise White House did not notify us that he did make the trip to told me. Should they have passed that on to They should have because they knew we were interested in if knowledge that had traveled to might have changed the task forces dismissive Surprise said because the question of the trip was key to the task forces the White House knew that was they certainly should have shared it with adding that you have to rely on people in authority to comply with information requests. But that trust was at the heart of the failure. With the money and power of the presidency at the idea that Bush and his team would help an investigation that might implicate him in an act close to treason was nave in the timid investigation was worse than no investigation at all because it gave team the opportunity to search out incriminating documents and make them disappear. investigative conclusion reinforced the group think dismissing this serious manipulation of democracy as a conspiracy theory when it was anything but. In the years done anything to change the public impression that the campaign was among the few people who have followed this the Surprise would slowly crumble with admissions by officials involved in the investigation that its exculpatory conclusions were rushed that crucial evidence had been hidden or ignored and that some alibis for key Republicans make any sense the dismissive group think remains undisturbed as far as the major media and mainstream historians are concerned. see Stolen Narrative or Trick or The 1980 Surprise Mystery or Second Thoughts on Surprise. as Prologue Lee decision to clear and Bush of the 1980 Surprise suspicions in 1992 was not simply a case of history. The findings had clear implications for the future as since the public impression about rectitude was an important factor in the support given to his oldest W. in W. Bush is introduced by his brother Gov. Bush before delivering remarks at Sun City on May 2006. House photo by if the full truth had been told about the fathers role in the Surprise and its hard to imagine that his son would have received the Republican let alone made a serious run for the White House. if that history were there might have been a stronger determination on the part of Democrats to resist another Bush stolen election in Election the evidence is now clear that Vice President Gore not only won the national popular vote but received more votes that were legal under law than did W. Bush. But Bush relied first on the help of officials working for his Gov. and then on five Republican justices on the Supreme Court to thwart a full recount and to award him electoral votes and thus the reality of Gores rightful victory should have finally become clear in 2001 when a group of news organizations finished their own examination of disputed ballots and released their tabulations showing that Gore would have won if all ballots considered legal under law were between the disputed election and the release of those the attacks had so The New The and other leading outlets did not want the people to know that the wrong person was in the White House. telling the people that fact amid the crisis would not be good for the senior editors at all the top new organizations decided to mislead the public by framing their stories in a deceptive way to obscure the most newsworthy discovery that the in which voters both checked and wrote in their choices names broke heavily for Gore and would have put him over the top regardless of which kinds of were considered for the that registered on antiquated voting machines. would be counted under law which bases its standards on clear intent of the instead of leading with Gores rightful the news organizations concocted around partial recounts that still would have given narrowly to Bush. They either left out or buried the obvious that a historic injustice had Vice President Gore. the day that the news organizations ran those I examined the actual data and quickly detected the evidence of Gores victory. In a story that I suggested that senior news executives were exercising a misguided sense of patriotism. They had hid the reality for the good of the much as team had done in 1968 regarding sabotage of the peace talks and inquiry had done regarding the 1980 Surprise a couple of hours of my posting the article at I received an irate phone call from The New Times media writer Felicity who accused me of impugning the journalistic integrity of executive editor I got the impression that Barringer had been on the for some deviant story that accept the conventional this violation of objective and professional journalism bending the slant of a story to achieve a preferred outcome rather than simply giving the readers the most interesting angle was not simply about some historical event that had occurred a year earlier. It was about the misleading into thinking that Bush was the rightful winner of Election 2000 even if the medias motivation was to maintain national unity following the attacks the major news outlets gave Bush greater latitude to respond to the including the diversionary invasion of under false pretenses. The headlines of 2001 also enhanced the chances of his reelection in 2004. the details of how a full recount would have given Gore the White see Gores Victory So Bush Did Steal the White House and Bush v. Gores Dark Decade. Phalanx of Misguided Consensus Looking back on these examples of candidates manipulating there appears to be one common after the stolen the media and political establishments quickly line shoulder to to assure the people that nothing improper has happened. Graceful losers are patted on the back for not complaining that the voters will had been ignored or Supreme Court Justice Gore is praised for graciously accepting the extraordinary ruling by Republican partisans on the Supreme who stopped the counting of ballots in on the as Justice that a count that showed Gore winning the Courts majority was already planning to award the White House to would undermine Rep. is regarded as a modern wise in because he conducted investigations that never pushed very hard for the truth but rather reached conclusions that were acceptable to the that ruffle too many the cumulative effect of all these and lies uttered for the good of the country is to corrode the faith of many about the legitimacy of the entire process. It is the classic parable of the boy who cried wolf too many or in this assured the townspeople that there never was a wolf and that they should ignore the fact that the livestock had mysteriously disappeared leaving behind only a trail of blood into the when Trump shows up in 2016 insisting that the electoral system is rigged against many choose to believe his demagogy. But Trump pressing for the full truth about the elections of 1968 or 1980 or 2000. He actually praises Republicans implicated in those cases and vows to appoint Supreme Court justices in the mold of the late presidential nominee complaints about rigged elections are more in line with the white Southerners during suggesting that black and brown people are cheating at the polls and need to have white poll monitors to make sure they succeed at stealing the election from white is a racist undertone to Trumps version of a rigged democracy but he is not entirely wrong about the flaws in the process. Hes just not honest about what those flaws hard truth is that the political process is not gold it is and has been a severely flawed system that is not made better by a failure to honestly address the unpleasant realities and to impose accountability on politicians who cheat the reporter Parry broke many of the stories for The Associated Press and in the You can buy his latest Stolen either in print here or as an Amazon and Consortium News
let the media tell you that the and violence occurring across the nation is isolated or limited or really nothing to report on . Because it most certainly is. The mainstream media has just been too busy reporting on some of the stupid or comments Trump makes to report on them. Or maybe so in the tank for the they are willing to ignore whats right in front of their face like the undercover video showing operatives staging and inciting violence at Trump rallies. Some events the media simply cant ignore like the firebombing of a Republican Party headquarters in North That was universally labeled an act of political which it clearly was. But the truth there are many more examples of this kind of violent hatred across the country. Our friends at have compiled some of the most notable examples that you may not have been told about. They get local media but barely make it into the national On 15 in vandals about 20 parked cars outside a Trump rally. Trump supporter whose van was hit with white told Why cant they do a peaceful protest instead of painting all of to make their Around a couple of Trump supporters were assaulted in a after they were allegedly refused service for expressing support for reports. The two Trump supporters were and chased into the street by some thugs that a barmaid called out from the back. of 7 Bay Area tweeted a photo of the in which one was wearing a Trump and the other was wearing a Blue Lives Matter shirt. On Sept. 28 in El an angry mob at a Black Lives Matter protest beat Trump supporter for wearing a Make Great Again baseball cap. The assault was broadcast live using the Periscope. On Sept. 26 at College in St. as the first presidential debate was about to get a woman wearing Trump campaign apparel was assaulted while heading to a debate watch event. regardless of or political should feel unsafe because of the way they look or what they wear when they walk on the Federation of College Republicans said in a press release. On 19 in Trump supporters had to run a gauntlet of angry protesters to get into a Trump at the Convention Center. When they left after the event they were and spit on. On 13 in Oak cancer survivor Bullock was beaten at a garage sale because he wore a Trump pin on his hat. The assailant slammed his walked up to me and My wife told me I trust a he said. The man complained the staple gun Bullock sold him work. I told him Ill give you your money said Bullock. But he kept calling me all kinds of names. The man punched Bullock in the jaw so hard he lost a tooth. On 12 in the West neighborhood of two women assaulted activist after a Trump rally. This girl grabbed my and threw it as hard as she could to the he said. And before I could pick it the brunette who was throwing the food at people punched me in the head. My glasses and my hat flew off. There were claw marks on my neck. Last the two women were formally charged with assault and battery. The night of the and a group of Trump were denied service at a popular eatery. Customers began screaming at the Trump backers and throwing food at them. at the West a can of Monster energy and dog feces were also thrown at according to News. The can of Monster hit one man on the back. On 3 in New an assailant attacked a man who was walking down the street wearing a local police said. The motorist inquired why was wearing the directing profanities at a police spokesman said. The continued to walk away as motorist followed him. The motorist hit the man several times with a causing injuries to his and On national tried to take a gun from a Las police officer during a Trump rally. was arrested and reportedly said he intended to use the gun to kill Trump. Unlike most of the this event was widely reported by the media. On in rioters assaulted a group of attendees leaving a Trump rally. Fourteen of those attacked have filed a lawsuit against the city and Mayor The attendees were victimized by being forced by armed police to walk into a riot in full swing where many were assaulted while police looked said their K. In protesters also threw a and a bottle at a Trump supporter they cornered outside a hotel. I knew if I was to touch one of them or I was to grab one of the flags they were waving in my face that they would have attacked me or beaten me with those flag poles that were told News. I just kept a straight I know how. I just knew if I touched one of them I would get hurt. Luckily someone let me in that someone finally opened the door. On in demonstrators threw rocks at moving cars. One bloodied the face of a Trump supporter who was driving away after the rally. About 20 people were arrested. On March 12 at the Black Lives Matter supporter rushed the small stage where Trump was an attack that received widespread media attention. He was tackled by Secret Service agents before he could reach the candidate and was later charged with disorderly conduct and inducing panic. Before the attack he had about all I can take from the violent trump going to check my people and spit on their false king. After his release from hours he you This is but a sampling of the violence that has occurred by the left against conservatives and Trump supporters. So anyone who suggests that there would be violence after any contested elections needs to turn their eyes squarely on and her supporters.
Its been a since Supreme Court Justice made history by becoming only the second black judge ever to serve on the nations highest court. But you wont see or even of this feat in the as The Daily Caller calls has not abated one bit. This despite the fact that the impact has had is unequaled. is one of the nations most influential lawmakers and has admirers from all legal corners. he is and assaulted with the type of disgusting comments usually reserved for common criminals and deviants. Writing in The New Times referred to the Justice as the creepy guy who acted toward and won. This barrage of insults is not just among his legal and intellectual either. has been completely wiped clean from any mention in the new National Museum of History and Culture. His accuser is given prominent display. The exhibit features testimonies trumpeting her courage and the surge of womens activism that while making only peripheral reference to Despite these continues to speak out. At a speech at the Heritage the justice warned that we are destroying our institutions. At some we are going to have to recognize that we are destroying our he acknowledging that the Court might also partially be at fault. What have we done to gain their he asked. Perhaps we should ask ourselves what we have done to not earn it or to earn it. The courts lone justice also defended his view that even prior Supreme Court precedents must be bent or broken to comply with the Constitution something most of his colleagues believe. got lots of precedents out there that have been said. I believe we are obligated to rethink things constantly. ended with some positive words about former Justice who he affectionately referred to as The court has become evenly divided between liberals and a change that could become even more pronounced if wins the presidency and controls who will replace But chose to dwell more on his friendship with than ponder the future without him. He was from the and I was from the but we wound up at the same he referring to their views on the paramount importance of the Constitution and individual freedoms. he fretted over big principles as well as smaller things such as punctuation and syntax.
Black fixed all that in 1976. Speaking of and the Ottomans. Your is only Western Eastern countries were not colonizers. They never adventured outside of the continent either and never been in the slavery business. They were brutalized and saved by inducing the Empire and the Ottoman Empire. So please refer to Western only when you speak of Eastern were often the victims of and imperialism. Ever wondered why is not accepting any will you please be so kind as to reference some quality literature on this I am most interested and want to learn more Thank brother. the invasion of and Eastern also the Ottoman period in Eastern Bob familiar with the story of the guy playing the trumpet in who got the arrow in the neck. The history of the ancient using marauders is also Bob thanks for educating us on I love history and barely received any during my 17 years spent in the public school system Rod The reason your not taught accurate history in school is that the book writers are formerly propaganda and car salesmen teachers. All one has to do is research the history of said companies like Hill and such. is half telling the truth and half is clearly deranged. You believe much of what he writes. Sandman the count as eastern They brought down the west roman empire and colonized it. And what about those There were many ethnic groups living in the base or what is now Eastern before was born. There were the and many others who were pagans and did not have a state. They came and left. When and other Eastern accepted and formed their own country thats the time they joined and stayed and had their kingdoms. Thats when countries become accountable. concerned about because thats what is today. Thats what we protected and sacrificed so much for. What do you think about your and the genocide at You mean Western colonial As an Eastern people suffered genocide from ans and were left alone to defend and betrayed by Western I say some of those countries owe us a apology. formed the alliance basically legalizing our enslavement by the Ottomans. They betrayed and us and the and Poles. and some of the Western colonial countries were not true If they were they would not let us to be enslaved by the Ottoman Empire. Funny how was the first congratulating the Magnificent after he defeated the at in 1526. Yes slavery was legal in the Ottoman Empire and had no problem teaming up with our slave master and have our country turn in to a wasteland. Eastern think highly of Western Eastern whites are proud people. This old was bad. did leave every in a mess Just imagine. was under threat of being conquered by the Ottomans. The sultans openly expressed their desire to conquer and convert i it to They dreamed of converting the in to a mosque. Then you have who formed and alliance with them. They truly betrayed not only the Eastern countries who came under terror but and as well. stopped dreaming about it and have been doing it by stealth for the last 50 or so years. John L. You need to shut the fuck up till you know what talking about. The Raiders of the Ottoman empire also regularly raided We are a small island in the middle of the sea and stole the locals for slaves. Besides butchering and pillaging. Rod Much like did to us native I suppose. Well previous to the invasion for lack of a better they themselves had just liberated the from the empire. Sad how people who have themselves had to fight for so long to free themselves from a yoke so easily become conquers themselves. In fact I believe I read somewhere that sent off in the hope of new trade routes to as she needed money for her continuing war against the Ottoman in one region always seems to spread. War against the Ottoman Empire took a back seat to getting rid of Much of the expelled in 1492 migrated to the Ottoman so much so that the Ottoman sultan said in calls himself a clever king but he enriches my kingdom even as he impoverishes his own. Of course all that changed when the conquered most of the plundered its resources and enslaved or killed the indigenous population worse than any other conquering empire throughout actually took a with him on his voyage of exploration. Well geography play a big part in From what port could go and control a colony in Do you count as Eastern If then you cant say Eastern countries were not colonizers. Most of is in just like Turkey. slave or colonized countries and was not in the slave trade at all. They commit genocide against non either as a colonizer. They go further then some of their neighboring countries. The Soviet Union was bad but a different animal all together. is not on the radar of progressive liberals and black activist who are the most vocal about the crimes of Colonialism. If you insist maybe I could say countries that are in Eastern only or entirely Eastern or countries. slave or colonize countries but part of that is that they because of the Western already there DID attempt to try to expand parts of colonialism in My point is that oversimplifying history and victimizing Eastern in a thread about the Have some respect and take your tirade elsewhere. Your post started with Speaking of and the Ottomans. This article speaking about colonialism or the ottomans in general. You brought it in. had ports on the see for hundreds of years. And you just proved how expansionist the And people are supposed to have sympathy for poor E. because they get the chance to commit atrocities like their Western Give me a You are one of those useful idiots Here is my solution for the idiots that includes many of the commentators Two words should not be used and those are WHITES and Instead use words like Western Western Colonial Colonial Colonial England or what ever countries were the culprits. In the they should use words like Western Immigrants or Colonial Understand that your history is not our history and your crimes are not our crimes. Generalizing white puts Eastern into the same category as a white slave keeper in colonial hundreds of years ago or a murderer in It seems you have a sick need to drag down all white people and equal them to those who violated We are from the other half of from other countries with a totally different historical background and we have absolutely nothing to do with colonization and slavery. Do you understand the difference between Eastern and Western To put it West was the colonizer vs. East which was colonized. asking you to be considerate of us and stop the bigotry. If progressives keep using terms such as legacy of white racism and many other insults I encourage that you talk to Eastern such as and and ask them what they think about the practice of generalizing whites and They will tell you that you are embarrassing and you talk on their behalf. be surprised if they express their disgust if you try to patronize them like you are trying me. Believe me the the West have no idea just how low opinion Eastern have for the West because the narrative and views the West holds. The more Eastern countries become mainstream the more we are going to oppose you and will not going to put up with racism that we deserve. You can bet on it. You attempt to get sympathy for the victims of while you trash will not get any respect from us. As per your comment about having a port on the sea at the expense of other nations just shows how little you know. never treated as colony and certainly oppress or violated It was a union that benefited both countries especially protecting the borders against the Imperialist. Why you ask about what they think about you useful idiot. I am born in you fascist waste of air. I never generalized white or Eastern Look at my comments again and see who was the idiot. Ill save you the trouble its you I entered into a conversation with you to see just how bad your historical knowledge is and that is VERY bad. Your original comments hinted at your xenophobia and racism and your further comments proved it. I wish you the I wish you would read decent history books from ALL OVER eastern not just You may learn you may learn to be less fearful of change. Fear is the worst thing and your comments are brimming with fear fear of etc. Bye That explains you are a or a sympathizer. That explains why are in denial and trying to push your agenda. You are just another progressive liberal who protects fascist agenda because thats your heritage. is the ideology of our former slave master and pure evil ideology. You know we were called infidel dogs by your kind for 150 years. Even now all you can do is just freak out and bark like we were still dogs. Why not put yourself together and give an honest argument and a fact based debate. But I think you can. You lack basic reading comprehension. I am half I am not You have mental issues. sympathizer on your side is enough for me. That explains why you are in the same hate camp with the Good Since you are talking about mental issues please take your medication and do yourself a favor and skip What side and hate Do you even understand Do you know Read my comments again. I am Catholic. I told you to read up on history you are trying to defend Eastern history when you even know it. is is Orthodox and Catholic. I am half half so Catholic. You retard. We in remained independent and will continue to remain independent so we have to fear the like you do. The ones that are the most like you are the ones most afraid of immigrants and are full of complexes as your messages have show. Goodbye now Still trying the fool me. live in and not the side. Nice but a stupid try. It may have worked with someone else. I like your way of using the word because it fits you. Really expresses your true intention and bigotry. I guess I should thank you for that. You know its not a bad thing to fear when they slaved and killed us and turned the country in to a wasteland just because we were I guess it does something to the psyche. Say hello to you neighbors and friends in aIm sure you enjoy your time with them. John L. I agree. The more the more stupid he sounds. Scooter Trying to include the US as a primary culprit shows your lack of knowledge and history. The US was at best a string team when it came to colonies and military overseas. The ENTIRE problem of the middle east and can be lain squarely at the feet of the most notably the and with honorable mention to the Dutch and in the 20th century the If you really think the Ottomans were holding together and kept it you have some reading to do. The Ottomans were barely hanging on the last 300 years of their and fought against countless rebellions and foreign invasions due to the nature of their empire. Try reading A Peace to End All The Fall of the Ottoman Empire and the Making of the Modern Middle East by Also read The by it has a decent overview of the problems and shortcomings of the Ottomans. The Ottomans lost their empire because they backed the wrong horse in World War I and because of local disgust with their corrupt misrule. Their fault. the and other they ruled over were not Turks and did not speak 10 Thats cute. The have beaten that just with the Rebellion of 1857. Where they used musket balls covered with pork tallow and and buried troops alive with pork carcasses. it worked .. the had more colonies as well. all the colonials need to answer for their deeds. I realize it was competition . The reason this is forgotten is because it happened in the with no not a lot of press and certainly no cinema. The that survived probably mostly stayed in They were also so few white people at the time cared but in the and few other people knew should but in the The Holocaust in happened to a very educated people just stating a of the which most migrated to and North which means they talked and talked about it but not just among themselves but on radio in the on movies like List and set museums not in but in New and established a state called that made it a policy to spread awareness of the Holocaust. The are also a people that are central to world affairs and always have been just stating a fact without true in and many other Therefore its not just an arbitrary or a racist but the differences in both that made the genocide many be forgotten and the one perpetrated to the remembered. Compare that to in the and a lot more people know and have heard of such a genocide. So it is not just it is also time and place that determined memorability. Your comment about whites calling themselves being educated is attempted back hand slap at people being unintelligent which is typical propaganda of white supremacist. First of the Holocaust was plain and simple white on white crime and violence. The whites of and back to the start of the Catholic Church committed crime violence and killing against each. It was constant warring disputes and etc. They where always trying to rule over each other or trying to rule of thew world know at that time. people had nothing to do with that at all. Second the and have been the economic engine of western civilization since the with slavery colonialism and now Third your notion whites calling themselves are and have always been central to world affairs is a lie. They are central today because of white supremacy leaving in the with slavery colonialism and Whites calling themselves where right in the middle of everything and in many cases controlling and leading things. Prior to that whites calling themselves have been central to the affairs of empires civilization and peoples of the and They had nothing to do with the and varies tribes and nations of North They had nothing to do with with ancient Great empires and etc. They had nothing to do with with the dynasties civilization empire nor the and etc. What happen in was nothing more than white or white crime which was common practice among whites going back over a 1000 years. But this genocide was not forgotten at the time itself. journalists documented this genocide at the time which forced II to sell his colony to So its not true that there was no press and no information. Of course it is true that information was much more limited than now or than information of during It is forgotten or less known now maybe because our interest is fading. And that is a sad thing. Van wrote a history on Interesting also available in the holocaust had super documentation. would that we had the same regarding colonial slave and plantations. maybe people would pay more attention. i do often link from during the late people being and worked to death by the empire. And then theres the over 10 million might research the ethnicity of most of the Van The first few paragraphs do little more than harangue the reader and our educational system for not being familiar with an obscure king of a tiny country more than a century ago who did horrible things in one of the most remote and impoverished parts of This is despite the fact that of the hundreds of nations that have existed in this many have done truly horrible but our educational system can barely cover our own with little mention beyond about a others. Just how broad and deep do you think our educational system ought to cover world and human Speaking of what was the Ottoman Empire doing at the same time as this You have to go that far in history to see what did and doing in the richest continent on Earth. Just watch Power Principal on what about the slave trade of for and of White women for sex tom The west erase anything from history. I and my siblings grew up in the on the border with and some were educated in the and others in in both countries this subject together with other colonial subjects is a big part of the history curriculum. Wonder why he is suddenly of precisely Did you know that main man in the was a good friend of They met in while taking turns looting the also help run the the Relief con game to keep fed and fighting. They both had their links. was brought back to th e States to play patsy in the engineered 1929 crash. capitalist monarchs capitalism is an economic system by its very goes against and even against monarchy. Capitalism is about without freedom theres no and without theres no capitalism. Do yourself a favor a identify the right the State. was no he was an arrogant aristocratic despot in charge of a colonialist state.
Project Releases Fourth Video Exposing Illegal Contributions and High Level Political Corruption Home A Humanitarian Crisis is Unfolding at and The Media is Silent Heres How You Can Help A Humanitarian Crisis is Unfolding at and The Media is Silent Heres How You Can Help 2016 1 Comment North A humanitarian crisis is unfolding inside the United States as thousands of Native indigenous people from around the and advocates from every walk of life camp in North in support of Standing Rock Tribe water protectors opposing construction of the Access Pipeline. Slated to run under the the pipeline poses a direct threat to the drinking water supply of the Standing Rock Reservation and at least 18 million people particularly given Energy Transfer Partners the company in charge of construction has a horrendous safety record marked by thousands of leaks and spills in the last six alone. Despite remaining peaceful on the the protectors of the water have been met with needless escalation and indiscriminate violence by heavily militarized law enforcement protectors of Big Oil and Wall Street whose vested interests in exporting North light crude apparently trump human rights and basic decency. On tensions exploded when law enforcement armed with lethal and nonlethal weaponry and backed by tanks and implemented a zone and descended on water protectors attempting to block access by construction including some in the midst of prayer. Employing sound cannon nonlethal beanbag pepper and mace against the unarmed law enforcement forcefully cleared the blockade affecting more than 140 arrests and injuring dozens in the process. The protesters are not being peaceful or County Sheriff said in a press statement cited by News . Law enforcement has been very methodical in moving ahead slowly as to not escalate the situation. the protesters are using very dangerous means to slow us down. Their aggressive tactics include using fire and trying to flank us with horses and people. Witnesses on the backed by patchy live stream and recorded video paint a sharply contrasting picture of the incident. An elder in ceremonial clothing was arrested while praying during protests Ninja Native Life RT 2016 Militarized law enforcement agencies moved in on water protectors with tanks and riot gear said Standing Rock Tribal Chairman II in a statement . We continue to pray for peace. We call on the state of North to oversee the actions of local law enforcement first and ensure everyones safety. The Department of Justice must send overseers immediately to ensure the protection of First Amendment rights and the safety of thousands here at Standing Rock. can no longer ignore our requests. If harm comes to any who come here to stand in solidarity with it is on their watch. They must step in and hold the state of North and County accountable for their acts of violence against prayerful people. VIdeo of police shooting into crowd of water protectors Occupy Wall Street 2016 for many witnesses have recounted the same violent tactics against those engaged in as told News on This weekend we went to go demonstrate with peaceful action. We went to go pray. Then while we were the cops came and told us we be there. We were just standing there and then this police officer came and opened up with some pepper spray. We antagonizing them or we were just praying. So absurdly overzealous was the police response to the unarmed crowd on even proponents of the pipeline took to social media to voice deep concerns about the needless escalation. Such incidents are only likely to as water protectors have vowed to peacefully resist until completely abandons plans to construct the Access Pipeline wont even benefit in any way as the crude it transports will be shipped overseas to line the pockets of investors in the project. That resistance and protection of the water supply of millions could come at a steep price in the very near future an unusually bitter winter looms on the horizon. North winters are notorious for biting heavy and generally brutal conditions but the forecast for this winter predicts lower than average temperatures. By the end of daytime highs will hover around the low and will continue to slip downward through the month of into the and even teens. highs for the area average just 24 degrees in a given year but according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric will be much with many days not even close to breaking 20 and lows in the negative digits. And that bleak picture account for wind chill the temperature and wind speed combination which affects the rate of the heat loss when exposed to the elements and North winter winds are higher than the national average. Because the Standing Rock Tribe and their supporters view protection of water which they consider a living entity as an unequivocal encampments in various locations include particularly vulnerable including and children. In no uncertain this is a dangerous set of circumstances. These encampments have been preparing to deal with frigid but are in desperate need of support from those empathetic to their cause. After this is not a protest by any stretch of the despite mainstream medias narrative. This this resistance unprecedented in size and scope in over a century concerns every person reliant on not only the but every water source in the country. if you have wanted to support the Standing Rock Tribe in protecting the water but are unable to travel to the camps in there are still a number of ways you can help and it is sorely needed. Native reservation populations are among the most impoverished in the thanks to centuries of exploitation and government promises simply going to a big box store and purchasing necessary supplies an option. But many of us can spare a little to help support those on the front lines who are protecting all of us from poisoned water. Perhaps the easiest way to donate is through the Standing Rock Tribes which will be allotted for and emergency and can be found here or through the Tribes here . If you would prefer to write a make it payable to Standing Rock Tribe and send it Standing Rock Tribe
Email Poll results released on by confirm the trend toward the acceptance of the freedom to own guns and support of the Second Amendment. Sixteen years ago 59 percent of those polled favored a law which would make it illegal to sell or possess guns known as assault while just 39 percent were opposed. Today those numbers have Just 36 percent support a while 61 percent of those polled oppose it. Even those polled who have a gun in their home oppose such a ban. Most is that support for such a ban has dropped even among those most likely to support Democrats. In the year 63 percent of Democrats supported such a while today just 50 percent do. Wrote Art Swift for It is striking and unusual that fewer Democrats than ever support an assault weapons since the Democratic Party has been instrumental in pushing for stricter gun laws. Perhaps comforting to those watching how Independents might vote in the upcoming presidential reported that just 31 percent of them support such a ban same as while in 63 percent did. Swift called the results a Perhaps opposition toward a ban has increased against a backdrop of multiple mass shootings and terrorist attacks in which the perpetrators used assault rifles. These guns were used in including the terrorist attacks in and and the mass shootings in and could help its cause by defining more carefully the distinct difference between assault rifles and assault weapons. Assault rifles have been heavily regulated for being defined as rifles used by the military that are select able to fire multiple rounds with a single press of the finger on the trigger. Assault weapons were never defined until the Bill was passed into law in 1994. Then they were defined as rifles that were firing but a single round with a single press of the trigger. The bill also declared such a weapon as banned if it had any two of five cosmetic features that had nothing to do with its a collapsible a pistol a bayonet a flash or a grenade launcher is useless without Commentators jumped on the report with all manner of explanations as to the cause of the continuing drop in support for a ban citizens increasing support for gun ownership. the of The Federalist understand that terrorists want to murder and that our laws are no obstacle to their blood lust. They will use or or or or box or guns. Strict gun control laws in cities like and have done nothing to prevent murder rates in those cities year after year. Its possible that the message offered for years by Pastor Chuck a presidential candidate for the Constitution Party in is gaining purchase as well. In a recent newsletter pulled no To take away the citizens right to bear a rifle is in completely disarm him . The only reason that tyrants in the US government have been kept at bay is because of an citizenry fully armed with rifles. That they are fully armed may be an understatement. The usual estimate of the number of firearms owned by citizens has routinely been reported at 300 plus or minus. But that square with the fact of increasing numbers of citizens purchasing setting records for the last year and a half. written by a former Special Forces soldier and a stickler for investigated the publicly available data from government including the and found the number to be vastly upwards of 660 million. His analysis is available here . He concludes that the US inventory of firearms is almost certainly between 412 and 660 not the lower numbers recently trumpeted by the media. The irony remains thanks to the medias propaganda blitz against the private ownership of awareness of what the true agenda is continues to grow. The harder the harder it will be for them to accomplish their ultimate complete confiscation of every firearm from every private citizen in the country. More than 200 years saw the and gave perhaps the most reasonable explanation for todays increasing support of the right of the people to keep and use The strongest reason for the people to retain the right to keep and bear arms as a last to protect themselves against tyranny in government. An Ivy League graduate and former investment Bob is a regular contributor to The New magazine and frequently at primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from You need enabled to view it. . Stance Becomes Clearer Thanks to
Email The latest jobs report released by the Bureau of Labor Statistics on morning was trumpeted as reflective of an improving economy. The Wall Street Journal said the report solid momentum in the labor market just days before voters elect a new while writing for said it shows the economic recovery still has plenty of life despite a slowdown in growth earlier in the year. A hard look behind the headline numbers 161,000 new jobs created in and the unemployment rate at 4.9 percent reveals a weak economy falling behind the numbers posted last year. First of that 161,000 number was below the 173,000 jobs estimated and predicted by Wall Street observers. it was far below jobs growth of 191,000. it brought the average monthly job growth for the year to just compared to 229,000 per month for all of 2015. Additional data points proved the numbers showed that the number of employed jobless for 27 weeks of remained unchanged at two while the number of people employed part time for economic reasons the calls involuntary was also unchanged. And so was the labor force participation which remains stuck at 63 percent. In other of those available for 37 percent working. Putting that last number in at the beginning of first just over 80 million were not in the labor force. Today that reported by the is nearly 95 million. In other during the recovery from the Great funded with massive government stimuli and bank bailouts that pushed the national debt toward there are still more than 14 million people who were formerly in the labor force but who are no longer counted by the An even closer look reveals in 90,000 jobs were while 103,000 jobs were lost. The total number of employed people dropped by 43,000 last month while the number of unemployed people dropped even by 152,000. Taken all the reports headlines showed a weak economy struggling to keep up with last year. Behind those it shows a weak economy getting weaker. If wins on and if she is able to pass her economic the economy will be further burdened with higher taxes on the job with the money spent on public works projects. On the other if Trump and if he is able to pass his economic tax rates will drop the Partnership will be and millions of taxpayer dollars currently flowing to the United Nations to support its agenda will stay in If the economy can be likened to a race horse increasingly weighed down with and it will stumble under but might enjoy a renaissance under Trump. An Ivy League graduate and former investment Bob is a regular contributor to The New magazine and frequently at primarily on economics and politics. He can be reached at This email address is being protected from You need enabled to view it. .
1549 Views 2016 8 Comments Guest Posts by My friend Roger is a staunch Democrat supporter. He is in his seventies and has always voted Democrat. Him and I have had countless discussions over the many years that we have known each other. His paternal roots are and he sees himself to be on the left side of but of him and I have not been able to see on the race to the issue. He is with the view that has inherited a financial and military disaster and did the best he and that he should not be blamed for his failure to perform as many did after his elaborate and successful yes we can slogan. He supported and other domestic reform and this is perhaps where Roger and I stop to agree and start to disagree. including look at the appalling record of the Republican Party and try to paint a tainted image of it. The party that is affectionately called the Grand Old Party or the by its own staunch supporters certainly has enough such records to put it up there with charges of global mayhem and genocide. The has given birth to people like the and of who can forget is another character that comes to one that no thinking man could trust with a a Federal Senator who commands authority that no one seems to be able to either understand the mandate or challenge. At the end of the infamous line Republican well at least thus enter Trump. And what a character he Need one say God forbid if this article may be read like a defense of the The is run by the rich and the and as described by W. Bush by the haves and have more. It is the party of Dick who saw in an opportunity to generate contracts for If tens of hundreds of thousands of had to die for him to achieve his he would not and did not blink. This is the party that condones and feeds It is the party that has huge control over the media. It is the party that runs the world like it is a business enterprise. and whether the rest of the world likes it or until the current global status quo no political party in the world affects the rest of the world like the ruling party in the United States. Whilst elections in other countries are domestic affairs that affect domestic politics of the country elections have implications that are not only domestically but have a much further global reach that encompasses every corner of the world. As a I am much more concerned about the wider global implications of politics than the domestic ones. This is not to say that I am indifferent about and the people. As a matter of not only do I have close friends who live in but also close family members and I have grave concerns for all mankind in every corner of the by my interest in politics remains focused on foreign policy and to this I am only able to relate to the choice between the major two parties from the perspective of their foreign policies. As insists to be the world police and the a stature many are refusing to accept that they have already it must accept what comes with it and concede that the rest of the world is hoping that the people will choose the better candidate as the new or should I say the one who is less harmful to the world. In between and who fits the This is the question. Enough has been recently said about health to write a horror novel. Her and alleged recent case of pneumonia have made headlines as if not bigger than her infamous hidden allegations of involvement in the murder of an Ambassador and even selling arms to Very recently the issue of the emails is resurfacing and very late in the perhaps late enough to serve with a knock out. her zeal to reach the seems to have been in her mind even before Bills scandal back in 1998. was prepared to publicly support appear to forgive him and move because she had a bigger fish to the She somehow managed to hush down all other sex allegations against all the and trying to score mileage from similar allegations against Trump. Her unabated lust for power will not stop at anything for as long as she ends up at the the first female even if she has to be Commander In Chief from behind the control button of a wheelchair. There are even observations and allegations that many people who have campaigned against her have died under suspicious circumstances. Whether this mystery is going to be taken up by main stream media just on the eve of the elections to serve her with yet another knock out remains to be seen. Her uncontrollable laughs and hysterical facial expressions leave many questions unanswered. In between the two front runners and it is hard to say that she presents herself as the sane and rational choice. Is there a distinction on foreign affairs Perhaps but not historically. For some the Republican Party is seen as the party of the hawks and the Democrats are seen as the doves. But are To answer this question in an unbiased we ought to look back at history. Notwithstanding the history of the the father and the and what is really the history of the Democratic A few landmark historical decisions make it very clear. So let us start with current events before we dwell into recent history that some might have chosen to forget. The War On was the brainless child of the a spring that was heralded by the visit of an President to and a speech he made to clergy at University. The Presidents name is and he is a Democrat. speech was a subtle endorsement for the and to be specific to the street to rise. The phenomenon and all the events that followed in the escalations and intimidations and the creation of a very volatile situation in a situation that remains hot and of unpredictable have all been orchestrated by the same Democrat. Last but not the current tension in the South China Sea is also the outcome of the same the incumbent let us not forget that President is a Prize ironically for peace. The involvement in the War started under the tenure of the sweetheart like It reached its climax during the administration. Both and were Democrats. But all of the above monstrosity is dwarfed by dropping the on and Many strategists have argued over the last seven decades as to whether or not President had no other choice to end the war but those arguments do not change the fact that not atom bombs were dropped on cities. It is pertinent to note here that the Project generated two types of Little Boy in and Fat Man in It take a genius to at least suspect that the administration wanted to test the two types and that in their destroying alone was not enough. That and even though no were dropped in Western and specifically on the brutality that civilians in towns and cities have suffered were simply acts of vengeance and many of them had no military gains to achieve. Harry was not a Republican. He was yet another Democrat. But we forgotten the other Democrat sweetheart of the The almost The smiling President Jimmy Carter. Many see that Carter had an impeccable record of being a humanitarian of the highest degree. As a matter of credit must be given to him for his peace and specifically for standing up for the people and for not being silenced by the lobby. in it was during the Carter administration that was created under the blessing and auspices of the It was a criminal with a twisted mind aka Carters National Security who actually established the first army. In his and he thought that the best way to fight the Soviets in was to support and train fighters to rise against the infidel Communists. And even though the plot eventually generated a monster that turned not only against the hand the fed it but also against the whole to this maintains that he came up with a genius master plan. Once Carter and were both Democrats. And it is who is beating up the drums of war against and China. may have their legitimate preferences that would make them go either for Trump or for Supporters of each team can and do provide huge lists that make their candidate of choice the better one. one of them could well be better for the truth is that as a citizen of the and as mentioned I am more interested in a President who is better for the rest of the world. Whether Trump will trump up the military after an election win is anyones guess. But is beating the drums of war already. To this and as we stand on the international she is the not Trump. who are disenchanted by wars must realize that this time the choice to vote Democrat is an endorsement of her war aspirations. with two minds as to which way to go on the 8 th of this month ought to remember that whatever their local domestic issues the will not win a nuclear war against either or let alone both combined. Those swinging voters who easily vote for either major party depending on an array of should hopefully discern that this time that a vote for is a vote for war. If some have never voted for the in the and more so are physically unable to vote for if others are disenchanted by both major parties or actually never voted and if they regard both candidates as equally one would wonder as to what are waiting for to vote outside the two major What caliber of Democrat and Republican candidates are such reluctant voters waiting for to vote for a third Some argue that a vote for the Greens is a wasted vote because the Greens will never make it into the at least not in the foreseeable but in any vote that does not endorse is not a wasted vote. The Essential from the trenches of the emerging world
Search Trump 2016 Presidential Election presidential politics 26 2016 A leaked transcript of a White house meeting reveals plans to lure the country's Trump Voters to on election day and wall them in to help ensure the peaceful transfer of power. Voice traditional peaceful transfer of power after a presidential fundamental to our is in jeopardy. What happens if Trump somehow Will Barrack and say they were just kidding about him being a truly dangerous unfit con artist and no hard feelings about that 5 year long race baiting movement as US military leaders walk over to Trump with the nuclear Voice will probably lose. that doesn't guarantee a peaceful transition. Trump's already convinced a majority of his supporters the election is illegitimate if he loses. He's recruiting voting station vigilantes. Trump supporter sheriff from said its time for forks and torches. How many of Trump's gun loving hard core base might do something Voice just thinking out but what if we announce that to offset the rigged Trump negotiated a deal in which anyone that casts a Trump vote in will have it counted as two votes from their home state. we announce the greatest Trump rally of all time on election day in the largest the largest motorcycle free assault rifles handed out as they cross the Voice are you going with Voice lure hard core Trump voters in to get them packed in and then quickly unfurl a razor wire fence along the state's north border stretching from the Gulf of to the Ocean. we start construction of the real wall right next to it. That's a wall might be willing to pay Voice about the supporters in Voice have to get them out somehow. Give them incentives to vote in South or airlift them out of after the Voice it it would get crowded down there in Voice could promise Trump supporters free Voice We can put them in tent cities modeled after refugee Voice trying to be Voice Red Cross might pay for that tent just tell them we're quarantining people to stop the spread of a resurgent xenophobe Voice about after the It's not like we can just let them back in after the peaceful transfer of power. They're going to be upset for a Voice could let a few of them back in every year. They'd have to go through As immigrants the upper we'd need assurances they'd developed values like tolerance for different religions and Voice worry about what to do with them later. First we have to lure them down Voice about appealing to Trump voter We could tell them universities will be shut down and Voice fair. A lot of Trump supporters want to send their kids to Voice can go to Trump Voice University doesn't have real Voice create some. We'll appoint Trump surrogate as chair of the History Scholarly emphasis will be on how and then secretary of state got us in to and and founded will head up the in department. can head the for study of heroic role after the Voice you don't have anything practical Voice could say Trump supporters wearing saying but not as good as or that will get preferential seating at the rally. If they also claim to hate societies because of how awful they treat their they also get to meet Trump Voice thing. If we actually do is not getting out of And he thought that his little cowardly Trump endorsement video at the convention wasn't going to haunt Voice about in day People with degrees are mostly supporters. There won't be many doctors down Voice have Voice could also send in that doctor who wrote the fake Trump medical statement in 5 minutes. can claim that everyone's health in is astonishingly the best he's ever That nobody has to get any Voice what about emergencies like gunshot heart Voice Oz could hang out in emergency rooms and sell of his Voice would be Voice a governorship. Tell him he can put a few short range nuclear missals in like ones that could only reach as long as Governor agrees to act with stronger leadership than the weak soft president And since Trump thinks the media is so could help him reform laws on journalists and free Voice get any federal Voice would need some kind of This extra money would be used to offset the lack of taxes paid by Trump himself. The rest of the money would go to Trump's charity to fund any Trump purchases of autographed football helmets of evangelical or portraits of Voice could lure Trump voters to with promises of Voice Then when they're walled we announce that POW military pensions will be cut in half because they let the country down by getting caught. We'll name it the John Endorsement of Trump Voice What kind of real changes would draw Trump voters to Voice could tell them will have the strictest bathroom that correct gender will be checked by analysis before anyone's allowed in a public Voice once their walled we'll project holograms of naked transsexuals standing next to every urinal and Voice could lure them by saying how great the beaches Voice when in there we mandate a statewide a photo of every woman who puts on a bathing suit will be posted with a video of Trump critiquing her Voice do we get evangelical Trump supporters down Voice could say we're converting all planned parenthood operations in to of marriage where homosexuals can be sent for conversion therapy. Anyone caught performing or having an abortion would be subject to the death penalty. on as families enter we'll play a looped audio tape of Trump bragging he can grab any woman's pussy he wants. Weigh stations will be set up at random pedestrian intersections. All females will be weighed. A database tracking weight gain will be publicly available. Biggest weekly gainers will be forced to exercise at a televised press conference as Trump mocks them while eating a hamburger. Any Trump tweets between the hours of 3 and 5 AM will set off warning alarms in every cell phone. The tweet will then be read by the phones voice robot until the user takes the battery out. On a 24 video every Trump female voter in cheated on by a male partner must explain why she enabled his infidelity. Then she must apologize to the women her partner cheated in case they were made to feel insulted or uncomfortable. I don't think it would hurt to build some Duke statues in 1. They might increase Trump white supremacist voter presence. 2. They might remind Trump who Duke in case somebody on asks him if he would denounce Duke or the and Pastor Mark Burns can unveil the Duke statues. On every female drivers there will be a section filled in by Trump marked either or indicating whether Trump thinks the woman is attractive enough to be groped sexually without consent. A memorial will be built at the site of the nightclub massacre. We'll erect a large lit up plastic trump face smiling next to a sign that reads for all your congratulations on me predicting this mass shooting by backed Voice not sure if your kidding or Make
2016 Presidential Election Mark 11 2016 Don't blame me I made plenty of money out of the election as dismisses his social After the election result was a complete shock to decent it has come to light it was GREED that got the elected. Everyone knows how the new Emperor manipulated the media space with constant lies and trump fake news stories that whipped normally sensible people into emotional frenzies completely lacking any factual basis. Emperor back room spinners are said to be rolling on the floor in laughter. a bunch of they chortled. we had to do was seed with a whole lot of crap and then watch it become The emperor would then it in his next rally and we were able to completely fabricate reality for most Social commentators are collectively in outrage this morning as the denies it was his fault. I don't understand the problem he screamed at made plenty of money out of the whats the The fact that democracy and decency were collateral damage isn't my Some where outraged that despite of the news of it drove the victory he is essentially dismissing any complicity. are essentially stupid and will believe any hate laden if it wasn't me it would be someone so better i make the money than another thats what makes us he laughed. When asked why he didn't use editors to check fake news stories he laughed and tried that but it cost me money and decreased profits so i canned after all is great for Make in the Jungle's day give this story five no need to register the thumbs are just down
1 2016 Back in those Bill would do anything to get away from watchful eyes. From the campaign Trump delivered the news that he said has recently been discovered by historians hired by the Trump that Bill in Jack the have learned of some documents that will irretrievably prove while he was President of the United Bill used a prototype of a time machine invented by a consortium of and Mays in the to go back to the 18th in the area of to commit the Jack the Ripper murders. when we submit the I think you'll all agree that it couldn't be anyone trumpeted Trump. Make
Posted on Tweet via Alarmed by the rampant killing of stray dogs in the All of Street Dogs has called in their trump to save them from marauding humans. as you might know is the Super from Krypton. the of says that is their last hope. Nobody else seems to be doing anything for irrespective of voicing her support. By the I know she was from I thought all were from and thought she would but he said. According to the had even reached out to President during the recent summit to see how interacts with stray dogs. Moved by their had called upon the CM and had referenced the children story by about stray and tried to argue their case. the CM was and said that constant attacks from Occupied in was not and he would keep conducting his surgical attacks. the He says the leadership in still try avoid the strike else the of would drop a few basis I should have gone to when I was rued Then I would also be in or but now look at my living a dogs We feel for these and hope a real life comes to the rescue. by
has been out campaigning on behalf of the last month or so trying to help his As the race has heated up with the reopening their investigation into and her camp are starting to go crazy trying to find ways to combat the Trump Train that is about to leave them in the dust. Via First snapped at a protester at one of her rallies that Bill is a having him escorted out after his remarks. Now is losing control and this time on a veteran. thats right. A deserve to be if hes going to belittle the people that he sends into battle and harms way. An image of the Trump supporter protesting can be seen the protester who interrupted rally Josh 2016 Whats even worse it that right before he belittled this great he was insulting trump for making fun of most notably John lost complete control after that HOLD SIT BE HOLD He seems a bit desperate for attention to and are losing control and they cant stand to see it. They are going to try everything in their power to cheat the system and probably try and rig the election so that they can maintain their power because they are connected on so many can hear the screams and protests in the video above. cant even control a crowd let alone an entire country. This cant be allowed to happen. We have to stop them for good and clean up the corrupt swamp that has become.
It has been claimed that prophesied Trumps surprise victory as President of the United States five centuries putting to shame modern pollsters. The famous medical practitioner and seer has been credited for predicting major world events and his followers claim he foresaw Trumps victory. the end is nigh because as at the same also predicted that Trumps presidency would herald the the end of the ancient prophet refers to Trump as the false trumpet who will one day engage in military adventures to force to change its which in turn would lead to the Apocalypse. The false trumpet concealing madness will cause to change its predicted over four hundred years many were surprised by the billionaires victory in the 2016 US followers of would not have claiming the prophesier predicted this in the 16th Century Quatrain The great audacious bawler. He will be elected governor of the The boldness of his contention. The bridge the city faint from believe that the audacious bawler part refers to Trumps loud while governor of the army refers to being in charge of the worlds leading military force. In Century another prediction The false trumpet concealing madness will cause to change its was an Ancient colony some have connected this to the fact is becoming a landing spot for immigrants and a topic that has been at the center of Trumps in Quatrain writes the Republic of the big city will engage in costly military ordered by the which has led to fears of nuclear war. One user wrote on I pretty sure this is the start to prediction of the predicted this outcome. predicted after the trumpet there will be a Great He predicted this 400 yrs His prediction have all come afraid is going compare us to we have to much and we import more than we we are in serious trouble.
They call it The a phrase coined by the of the University of to describe the mysterious and untraceable sound that is heard in certain locations around the world by two to ten percent of the population. The noises might vary from roaring sounds in the middle of the to prolonged periods of noise which sound like intense industrial activity taking place in the sky. Most unusually of ordinary people in cities such as in England have claimed to hear trumpet horns coming from the sky playing chilling bars of Down For Videos Now has become the latest location to these bizarre and completely inexplicable which have been recorded on of no one has been able to offer a completely coherent explanation for these mysterious sounds. Some have suggested that the chilling noises might be caused by changes in the Earths core which could eventually lead to a complete polar shift. aside from there is little evidence to suggest that this particular theory is true. According to they may well be caused by enormous amounts of collated feedback from telephone transmissions and aircraft which are operated by the United States Navy to communicate with submarines. this explanation is deemed to fall short as these noises became particularly apparent in 2011 and 2012 and if is there should have been previous indications of this feedback reaction before this people have suggested that the noise could be being caused by projects such as the weapons which is believed to be dedicated to working on weather modification this explanation is it could not explain not only the unusual noises but also why they are so often accompanied by a bizarre phenomenon in the such as those which have been detected in in recent months.
2016 Republican Trump stunned the world by defeating heavily favored rival in presidential ending eight years of Democratic rule and sending the United States on a uncertain path. A wealthy real estate developer and former reality Trump rode a wave of anger toward insiders to win the White House race against the Democratic candidate whose establishment resume included stints as a first senator and secretary of state. President who campaigned hard against telephoned the Republican to congratulate him on his victory and invited him to the White House for a meeting on the White House said in a statement. is due to speak later on about the election. a smooth transition of power is one of the top priorities the President identified at the beginning of the year and a meeting with the is the next the White House said. Worried that a Trump victory could cause economic and global investors were in full flight from risky assets. The peso and world stocks fell on but fears of the kind of shock that wiped trillions of dollars off global markets after vote in have failed to materialize so far. Trump collected enough of the 270 electoral votes needed to win a term that starts on taking battleground states where presidential elections are traditionally television networks projected. He appeared with his family before cheering supporters in a New hotel saying it was time to heal the divisions caused by the campaign and find common ground after a campaign that exposed deep differences among is time for us to come together as one united Trump said. will be president for all He said he had received a call from to congratulate him on the win and praised her for her service and for a campaign. His comments were an abrupt departure from his campaign trail rhetoric in which he repeatedly slammed as amid chants of her Republicans also kept control of the Congress. Television networks projected the party would retain majorities in both the Senate and the House of where all 435 seats were up for grabs. Despite losing the electoral battle that determines the narrowly led Trump in the nationwide popular according to media tallies. It would mark the second time in 16 years that a Democratic candidate lost the presidency despite winning more votes than the victor. In Democrat Gore got more votes than Republican W. Bush. At election event a mile away from Trump's victory an electric atmosphere among supporters expecting to see her become first woman president dissipated. did not immediately make a concession instead sending campaign chairman John out to tell her supporters to go home. not going to have anything more to say he said. was expected to speak on an aide said. Prevailing in a cliffhanger race that opinion polls had clearly forecast as favoring a Trump won avid support among a core base of white educated workers with his promise to be the jobs president that God ever He did well in states such as and a beautiful and important The forgotten man and woman will never be forgotten again. We will all come together as never Trump wrote on Twitter early on In his victory he said he had a great economic would embark on a project to rebuild infrastructure and would double economic growth. who at 70 will be the oldest came out on top after a bitter and divisive campaign that focused largely on the character of the candidates and whether they could be trusted in the Oval Office. The presidency will be Trump's first elected and it remains to be seen how he will work with Congress. During the campaign Trump was the target of sharp not just from Democrats but from many in his own party. STUNNED WORLD Foreign leaders pledged to work with Trump but some officials expressed alarm that the vote could mark the end of an era in which promoted democratic values and was seen by its allies as a guarantor of peace. During the Trump expressed admiration for President questioned central tenets of the military alliance and suggested that Japan and South should develop nuclear weapons to shoulder their own defense burden. Trump has promised to warm relations with that have chilled under over intervention in the civil war and its seizure of region. Governments in Japan and as well as congratulated Trump and said they would work with him. is not an easy path but we are ready to do our part and do everything to return and relations to a stable path of said. said he hoped to reach in bilateral ties President Xi said and shared responsibility for promoting global development and prosperity. Other some of them with senior roles in took the unusual step of denouncing the calling it a worrying signal for liberal democracy and tolerance in the world. is the pioneer of a new authoritarian and chauvinist international movement. He is also a warning for Vice Chancellor said in an interview with the newspaper group. neighbor was pitched into deep uncertainty by the victory for who has often accused it of stealing jobs and sending criminals across the border. Trump wants to rewrite international trade deals to reduce trade deficits and has taken positions that raise the possibility of damaging relations with most trusted allies in and the Middle East. The peso plunged more than 13 percent before recovering some ground. The peso had become a touchstone for sentiment on the election as Trump threatened to rip up a free trade agreement with Trump's win raises a host of questions for the United States at home and abroad. He campaigned on a pledge to take the country on a more protectionist path. He has vowed to impose a 35 percent tariff on goods exported to the United States by companies that went abroad. WEAKNESSES Trump survived a series of seemingly crippling blows on the many of them including the emergence in of a 2005 video in which he boasted about making unwanted sexual advances on women. He apologized but within several women emerged to say he had groped allegations he denied. He was judged the loser of all three presidential debates with A national Election Day poll offered some clues to the outcome. It found badly underperformed expectations with winning their vote by only about 2 percentage points. And while she won black and young did not win those groups by greater margins than did in 2012. Younger blacks did not support like they did as she won eight of 10 black voters between the ages of 35 and 54. won almost 100 percent of those voters in 2012. During the Trump said he would great through the force of his negotiating skill and business acumen. He proposed refusing entry to the United States of people from Middle Eastern a modified version of an earlier proposed ban on His volatile frequent insults and unorthodox proposals led to campaign feuds with a long list of including the Republican Senator John Fox News anchor the family of a slain a Miss Universe winner and a federal judge of heritage. A largely crowd of about 400 to 500 people gathered outside the White House after his many shocked or in tears. Some carried signs that read up to and trumps About a dozen Trump supporters began shouting and the competing demonstrators briefly pushed each other. The election was unprecedented in the way it turned against each according to dozens of interviews in rural United States and across some of the most politically charged battleground states. Throughout his campaign and especially in his acceptance speech at the Republican convention in Trump described a dark that had been knocked to its knees by and State. The dream was he smothered by malevolent business interests and corrupt and he alone could revive it. He has vowed to win economic concessions from China and to build a wall on the southern border with to keep out undocumented immigrants. His triumph was a rebuke to a Democrat who spent weeks flying around the country to campaign against repeatedly casting doubt on his suitability for the White House. will hand over the office to Trump after serving the maximum eight years allowed by law. Trump promises to push Congress to repeal troubled plan and to reverse his Clean Power Plan. He plans to create jobs by relying on fossil fuels such as oil and gas. Trump's victory marked a frustrating end to the presidential aspirations of who failed for the second time to be president. In a posting on Twitter during she acknowledged a battle that was unexpectedly tight given her edge in opinion polls going into Election Day. team has so much to be proud of. Whatever happens thank you for she tweeted. The wife of former President Bill she held a steady lead in many opinion polls for months. Voters perceived in her a cautious and calculating candidate and an inability to personally connect with them. Even though the found no grounds for criminal charges after a probe into her use of a private email server rather than a government system while she was secretary of the issue allowed critics to raise doubts about her integrity. Hacked emails also showed a cozy relationship between her State Department and donors to her family's Foundation charity. Trump seized on the emails to charge that represented a corrupt political system in that had to be swept clean. News contribution by Commentary by
Posted on 2016 In a television commercial that the Public Broadcasting System ran for host declared that she loved her job because it allowed her to ask not only all of my questions but also and more importantly all of your questions . This assertion was and remains just like her networks regular claim to be free of corporate sponsors. The claim has long been contradicted by the string of commercials by leading insurance and rail that appear before the networks nightly with a list of foundations and individuals who pay for the along with regular viewers like you. Consistent with those commercials and despite its the news and commentary one finds on is in rich tune with the narrow capitalist parameters of acceptable coverage and debate that typify the more fully and explicitly and commercialized corporate media. As progressive journalist suggested two years ago reflecting on recent investigations showing that capitalists such as the brothers and billionaire John had with more liberal software mogul Bill influenced content through the P in often seems to more properly stand for not Public. None of this should be surprising to anyone familiar with the distinctively history of broadcast media . Because the United States fails to provide anything like adequate funding for public both and National Public Radio regular vehicle for business depend upon corporations and wealthy individuals to pay for much of their programming. Beneath their standard claims to have no interest in shaping public media these private funders have meaning that their contributions come with strings that undermine the integrity of the independent journalism they bankroll. what its between 1994 and the was primarily owned by the firm Liberty Media . Liberty Media was run by the conservative and politically active billionaire John who had a majority stake in the shows The Pentagon Broadcasting What might seem more is the remarkable extent to which the P in often seems to stand for or perhaps when it comes to foreign policy content. Whatever the global issue of the day or anchors and their invited experts can be counted on to report and reflect in accord with the doctrinal assumption that always operates with the best of intentions. They almost uniformly treat the as a benevolent and indispensable force for peace and order in a dangerous world full of evil and deadly actors. The shows invited commentators are drawn primarily from the nations imperial establishment. They are commonly current or retired insiders from within the the White the intelligence community the nations elite network of foreign policy think the Council on Foreign Relations granddaddy of all think tanks the Endowment for International the Aspen the the Rand Corp. and the to name a handful. anchors and guests generally agree that the United States officially designated enemies are malevolent bad guys who need to be controlled and even attacked by the ultimate good Uncle Not the long and ongoing record of imperial arrogance and criminality on that is swept down memory hole even as new entries are added to the ugly registry. When reported by the horrific crimes committed by the military are always treated as mistakes. Along with the rest of the mainstream the that deliberately bombs whereas if we do it of an accident . Theres some room for disagreement between and among the shows invited the shows foreign policy specific foreign policy strategies and actions. Theres no space for serious debate about the lawlessness or imperial nature of that policy. On the rare occasions anchors seem to challenge guests from the White House or Pentagon on foreign policy it is generally to ask why the going harder at the officially certified bad guys. as Not Empire The foreign policy coverage and commentary get much better in the documentary division of A recent documentary aired nationally last shown by bears the risible title obvious World Series season play on what the filmmakers see as the preposterous notion of an empire. It is narrated by and former host and producer Developed by the Institution and targeted for organizations own revealing Umpire takes the doctrinal narrative to absurd lengths. It provides extensive expert commentary from such former imperial operatives as onetime secretary of state who led the charge to criminally bomb and who went on 60 Minutes to say that the death of more than half a million children killed by economic sanctions was a price worth paying for the advance of foreign policy Rice W. national security adviser before and during the invasion of Gen. Mad Dog invasion commander and a former chief of the Central who two years ago told a audience that its fun to shoot secretary of state who called the government in a cancer in our own land mass that must be cut and retired Army lieutenant general who commanded forces in 10 years With further commentary from a handful of mostly conservative all the nationalist historian author of a book on which the documentary is Umpire portrays 20th and 21st century foreign policy as nothing more than a noble effort to selflessly provide welcome and fair rules and discipline on the rest of a dangerous and reckless planet Lord of the that lacks the exceptional historical experience bequeathed to leaders by the nations Founding Fathers. The only substantive criticism of foreign policy in Umpire is the voiced by numerous interview that harms itself to the benefit of others above by taking upon its shoulders too much of the burden of benevolently policing the planet. We are just too good for our own good. Our Real Task There is not space here to discuss in responsible detail the epic historical deletions and distortions this narrative imposes. The omissions are staggering. They range from the slaughter of hundreds of thousands of resisting imperial invasion and occupation at the last outset to the restoration of facto slavery in and the Republic after World War the unnecessary atom bombing of even of the first shots of the Cold War the toppling of more than 50 governments by coups and invasions since the end of World War the liquidation of perhaps as many as 5 million Southeast in the War between 1962 and the Cold sponsorship of Third World fascism from to South and the attempted assassinations of and numerous terror bombings in socialist the near instigation of global thermonuclear war on at least three the development and sponsorship of bin Laden and other radically paramilitary forces to fight the Cold War against the Soviet Union in the Highway of when warplanes engaged in an aerial traffic jam as they rushed to slaughter tens of thousands of surrendered troops retreating from in the coordination and sponsorship of a civil war on workers and intellectuals a death toll well into the many hundreds of in Central during the and the disastrous invasion of for at least 1 million the calamitous toppling of the the calamitous destabilization of the the funding and encouragement of civil war in central the and protection of a vicious coup in in the spring and summer of the criminal global war of replete with rampant targeted illegal endless drone war and killing operations across the world and other places as well. Umpire hides these horrific transgressions and the imperial calculations behind much of foreign policy past and present. As numerous key planning documents reveal over and the goal of that policy was to maintain if install governments that private investment of domestic and foreign production for and the right to bring profits out of the country. Given the United States remarkable possession of half the worlds capital after World War elites had no doubt that investors and corporations would profit the most. the national and imperial objectives were openly and candidly discussed. As the liberal and dovish top State Department planner and key Cold War architect F. explained in Policy Planning Study a critical 1948 We have about of the worlds but only of its population. In this we cannot fail to be the object of envy and resentment. Our real task in the coming period is to devise a pattern of relationships which will permit us to maintain this position of disparity. To do we will have to dispense with all sentimentality and ... The less we are then hampered by idealistic the better. The necessity of dispensing with human rights and other sentimental and unreal objectives was especially pressing in the global south. assigned the vast periphery of the world economic Southeast and the and thus strategically Middle less than flattering role. It was to fulfill its major function as a source of raw materials and a market actual State Department language for the great industrial nations socialist and its It was to be exploited both for the benefit of and for the reconstruction of and Japan as prosperous trading and investment partners organized on properly capitalist principles that were hostile to the Soviet bloc. Democracy was fine as a slogan and mission statement when it came to marketing this policy at home and abroad. Because most people in the Third World had no interest in subordination and subscribed to what intelligence officials considered the heretical idea that government has direct responsibility for the welfare of its people War II planners called commitment to popular governance abroad was strictly to say the least. Democracy was suitable to the as long as its outcomes comported with the interests of and related geopolitical objectives. It had to be undermined crushed when it threatened those and the broader imperatives of business rule to any significant degree. As President coldblooded National Security Adviser Henry explained in three years before the sponsored a fascist coup that overthrew democratically elected leftist President I see why we need to stand by and watch a country go Communist because of the irresponsibility of its own people. The selfish imperial cynicism of foreign policy continues to this into the War and era. As leading Dutch political scientists van and write in their important new volume Grand Strategy and Corporate Elite The Open Door Since the End of the Cold From the end of the 19th nineteenth century grand strategy has pursued a liberal expansionism aimed at the creation of a global hegemony premised upon free to which global above transnational full access. The global Open Door has continued to define the ends of the grand strategy throughout the War era. during and Cold Wars commitment to democracy and human rights is conditional and The noble principles are fine insofar as they serve the hegemony of global and especially transnational capital. They are dispensed even as policymakers trumpet when they do not.
Here's something interesting from The Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email Even before Trumps election victory it was becoming clear that we are living in an age of disintegration. Nation states are returning to relationships based on rivalry and friction when the trend was meant to be in the opposite direction. The internal unity of country after country is under stress or has already broken down. Governments and universities used to set up institutions to study greater integration and while in fact they might have been better looking at how things fall apart. The phenomenon is most obvious in the wider Middle East where there are at least seven wars and three insurgencies raging in the swathe of countries between and But in and the foreign and domestic antagonisms are also becoming deeper and more venomous. In this more rancorous political the election of Trump as US President feels like part of a toxic and dangerous but and unstoppable. Distinct though the political and economic situation in the and the Middle East may be in many there is the same dissatisfaction or rejection of the status quo without much idea of what should be put in its place. Political shocks like the election of Trump can produce apocalyptic forebodings that in retrospect turn out to be misplaced or exaggerated. in this grim expectations about the future may be all too justified and unlikely to evaporate. Trumps promises of radical change may be or but they have a momentum of their own which will be uncontrollable. For all his there was a sense that Trump was often nearer to the issues that concerned voters than In the final election rallies of Trump in and in North he was promising voters the return of factories and jobs while she was repeating kindergarten waffle such as love trumps hate and build bridges not walls. He will find it difficult to retreat from these pledges and this is bound to bring confrontation with other trading nations. the high days of liberal capitalism since the fall of the Soviet Union in which continued despite a battering from the financial crisis of are finally finished. It is an age not just of disintegration but of with proponents of the status quo either weakened or as shown by the vote in The beneficiaries are mostly on the from the the mainstream left in and abandoned socialism for liberal free market capitalism as the proven recipe for human which meant that after 2008 they had no alternative system to advocate and could no longer provide a credible vehicle for protest. The political beneficiaries of disillusionment with things as they are have almost invariably been on the right as with Trump along with other rightist can plug into resurgent loyalty to the nation state in the wake of discredited There are similarities so long as the analogies are not between the forces behind the Spring protests of the vote and Trumps electoral victory today. In all the ruling establishment was weaker and more unpopular than even the most critical observers had the triumphant protesters were astonished by the extent of their own success. More it swiftly emerged in the Middle East that the proponents of change had little idea what it should be and had relied wholly on of their opponents as the source of all evils. There is another parallel between what happened in the world five years ago and events in the and the US this year. The old regimes were battered or discarded but there was nothing to replace them with. There is no consensus on what to do. to from the Middle it is striking how the social and geographical divisions expressed by the vote have only deepened with whatever there are to the contrary. Political commentators in the and US who endlessly proclaimed whatever the elections were won by those who seized the ground turned out to be wrong because there was not much ground to seize. These are not the only political shibboleths which should be discarded. Shocks like these usually provoke jeremiads from the about how all is chaos and the cannot hold. Such dire warnings are swiftly followed by more hopeful commentary about how things have not changed as radically or dangerously as first feared. in the case of the US the first predictions may be the most accurate. It is true that Trumps authority will be thwarted by the division of powers laid down by the US constitution though this is somewhat contradicted by Republican control of both Houses of Congress as well as the presidency. Presidential powers are also diluted by those of other state institutions such as the Pentagon and the Treasury. But these comforting thoughts are probably wishful thinking. The extent of the rejection of the establishment media by US voters underlines its weakness. The US media in particular is so much part of the political class that it had become an echo chamber in which it heard only its own views. Leaving aside these dangerous historical there is another more immediate menace stemming from election of Trump in the US and the vote in it empowers and the crackpots and the those who want to roll back the verdict of past elections since the New Deal if not the Civil War. Those around Trump are not just the Team B of politics but the Team C or even lower down the alphabet. They may not want to blow up the world out of sheer they could do just that. I am writing this in the capital which is 60 miles from where rival armies are fighting their way into last great stronghold. Nobody expects this to be the end of the wars in and or the multiple crises tearing the region apart. The experience is evidence of the fragility of states and how easily they can be not just by domestic divisions and foreign enemies but by avoidable political errors. With Trump soon to be in the White it is difficult to avoid the feeling that the world has just become a lot more dangerous place. from The Independent by permission of author or
Here's something interesting from The Review... Recipient Name Recipient Email Without resorting too much to the wisdom of the ancient we have come to believe that movements and people finally will emerge to act as the inescapable agents of the justice leading to the downfall of the Western empire Winged balancer of daughter of Justice Seven is a winning throw of the dice. But in our civil seven now signifies the the whip used by the Western world as its instrument of punishment in seven signifies Nemesis and her the inescapable agents of the Wests downfall. The seven scourges of the Western world are used against the people of and North These whips are wielded and unleashed especially by the US and the The seven sisters of the are the Furies who pursue the injustices committed by the Western world against and Those holding the scourge detest and fear Nemesis and the but are incapable of destroying them. Try as they their whip is in corrupt and feeble hands of it can only follow their it just twitches and remains while Nemesis pursues the of humanity. The Scourge of the Western World The whip wielded by the Western is used to punish rebellious movements and states. Their multiple lashes have bloodied countless generations and buried millions. The seven scourges against humanity are unrepentant in their promotion of Western values visible to the terrified world on the red raw backs of oppressed their wounds flayed open by the faceless drones proclaiming their gifts of freedom and democracy. Let us go forward now and describe the pillars holding up the Western the scourge of humanity. 1. The the US Bankers and Death Squads Over the last two over a quarter million have been murdered by the joint forces of the drug the State and its death presided over by the US state and backed by its rapacious financial sector. Cartels and complicit officials prosper because US banks launder their by the billions. On their US corporations grow even richer by relocating their plants to where terrorized workers can be exploited for the cost. Amidst the terror and over 11 million workers and family members have fled to the US running from their local only to confront the US scourge of deportation. Over 2 million have been imprisoned and expelled under 2. and Imperial Drug Gangs and Destitution and state terror are direct products of regimes in and indigenous majority was ravaged by US and military battalions and death squads. In their scores of sponsored by local oligarchs and their own private death have emerged. The people attempted to elect an enlightened liberal and were rewarded for their peaceful democratic election with a military coup orchestrated by the US Secretary of They further underscore the lesson of Western Scores of human rights activists and peasant leaders have been murdered and the scourges continue unabated. 3. Prize for Death Squad President For the past fifteen the regimes launched the Plan terror campaign against the people. This scourge was so powerful that over two and a half million and have been driven from their homes and villages tens of thousands of trade human rights activists and civic leaders have been killed. The notorious and his Vice President worked with the death squads and the military under the instruction of over one thousand US military advisers and contract mercenaries as they imposed a scorched earth policy to consolidate a reign of Western values. In the scourge of death squads and the military decimated rural communities throughout that large and populous nation. They finally induced the guerrillas to submit to a peace which perpetuated the oligarchy. The US remains free to exploit for its military bases against the rest of while foreign corporations exploit its mineral riches. For his part in promoting the peace of the President received the Peace Prize. 4. A Household Name Among the Middle East Scourges No country in the Middle East has organized and directed terrorism in the Middle South North and East the former Soviet Union and even North than the Kingdom of It currently scourges the tiny nation of Using its backed by and logistical support from the and the the despots has invaded maimed and murdered tens of thousands of while hundreds of thousands face starvation in a blockade. The billionaire regime bankrolled thousands of terrorists in giving billions of dollars of business to US and arms manufacturers. monarchs and their extended clans form a parasitic regime unique in the They rely on the skills and labor of imported household mercenary financial managers and even their praetorian guards. They confine their women behind the veil and closed under the absolute rule of male relatives. They chop off the feet and heads of foreign workers and their own citizens for minor including criticism of the king or resisting an employers abuse. which is totally dependent on has become a scourge especially against people throughout the Middle East and beyond. ORDER IT NOW 5. The Scourge of and Free People Near and Far The State is the head commanding the tentacles of a Power Configuration operating in the to a less in satellite states and institutions. was established on the dispossession and ethnic cleansing of millions of from their homes and villages since 1948. For almost 50 600,000 given automatic citizenship and stolen property based solely on their have illegally moved into what remained of historical building exclusive colonial towns on land ripped from its original inhabitants. The are herded into apartheid militarized enclaves and squalid camps. invaded and devastated large parts of and They have bombed other like and with impunity. The state uses a virtual fifth column of loyalist organizations and billionaire financiers in the US and who ultimately dictate Middle East policy to the elected Western politicians. Presidents and Prime Cabinet members and legislators must publicly bow to the increasing demands of the overseas power structure. This has undermined the will and interests of national electorates and democratic procedures. . All public discourse on this vital issue has been censored because critics of influence are subjected to unremitting campaigns of overt jailing on trumped up vilification and job loss within their own countries in the democratic West. has sold its expertise in torture and to its fellow in and even 6. Modern Scourges of an Ancient People For military dictators have served the Empire and ruling colonists in the Middle North and East and specialized in torturing and jailing thousands of trade dissident peasant leaders and the restless urban poor. These violently installed rulers are expected to collaborate with and trap millions of desperate in the worlds largest open air prison actively collaborates with the US and in subverting the people and institutions of and guaranteeing that none will be independent modern states. first and only elected president was overthrown by General and sentenced to twenty years in a military torture dungeon virtual death sentence for a 65 year by a kangaroo court under the direction of and Tel once the epicenter for civil democratic expression the Spring has become the a major staging area for terrorists entering 7. and Fascists and Terrorists In this very modern Western where democratic values are sold to the cheapest the the and the shop for mercenaries and puppet regimes in order to scourge their critics and adversaries. The led by the Grand Scourger bombed and destroyed its entire modern state apparatus. They opened the floodgates to thousands of mercenaries and of all colors and stripes to feed off the carcass of what and the modern state had built over the past 40 years. These draped in the banners of humanitarian intervention or mission ran killing and ravaging tens of thousands of citizens and contract workers of origin. The tens of thousands of desperately fleeing each year into the are the result of this Western rampage against the state. The have moved on by those who forgot to distinguish between terrorists who support our democratic values and those who would attack the West. The West cant be Mercenaries change sides so often. The ethnic cleansing scourges of the past returned to the as fascists took power in storming the Parliament and forcing the President to flee. banners decorated the streets of under the approving gaze of the US State Department. thugs massacred scores of unarmed ethnic citizens in the port city of when they set fire to the main trade union hall where the trapped women and youths were burned alive or bludgeoned while fleeing the flames. The US State Department had spent a billion dollars to replace an elected government with a pliant regime in while large parts of the country fell into civil war. The ethnic populations of the industrialized region resisted and were invaded by an ethnically cleansed and army under supervision. The war has cost tens of thousands of a million refugees fled to and a divided failing state now festers in the heart of and Fascists in oversee an utterly bankrupt economy. The destitute citizens abandon the towns and some fleeing to to pick potatoes as their serf ancestors did a century ago ORDER IT NOW has been ravaged by an immense army of mercenary financed and supplied by the Turkey of had merely to change its battle flags to and receive the US benediction as moderate democrats resisting a Dictatorship in In the course of their democratic mission they destroyed the critical cultural and economic center of scourging the and and other ancient minorities. Over two million have died or fled the fiery scourge of and terror. The Seven Nemesis and the Furies Confront the Western World The scourges are falling on hard East and North and South they face their inescapable Nemesis. Their exposed crimes and grotesque failures herald their inevitable downfall. The seven furies are even emerging in unusual 1. The economic and trade power of China challenges the West throughout expanding even into the heartland of the empire. The Wests fear over Chinas peaceful economic expansion has led Western political leaders to revive protectionist claiming that barriers against investors must be raised to prevent takeovers by From 2015 to the West blocked nearly billion in productive investment. This comes after decades of preaching the virtues of foreign investment and the universal benefits of Suddenly Western leaders claim that investment is a threat to national security and profits businesses over enterprises far from this the countries of and actively seek greater economic ties with to the detriment of multinationals. Once servile like the have declared unfettered US access to imperial military bases in as they sign favorable trade and investment agreements with China. Western imperial ideology about investment and has boomeranged and met its Nemesis. 2. The During the the US plundered at will. imposed a unipolar celebrated as the New World Order. They bombed and devastated former allies like and setting up ethnically cleansed rump states like for their huge military bases. reduced under the inebriate to a backwater vassal stripped of its its and research centers. In the absence of the economy declined by and life expectancy fell below that of The US celebrated this victory of democracy over a deteriorating state by welcoming the most obscene new gangster oligarchs and pillagers and laundering their bloodstained loot. The door slammed shut on the pillage with the election of and the demise of the was reversed The economy living standards rose employment in all sectors and educational and scientific centers were restored. was elected and by overwhelming majorities of the electorate despite huge sums of Western money going to his opponents. systematically recovered many strategic sectors of the economy illegally seized by oligarchs. Even more restored statecraft and diplomacy formulating a strategy for an democratic foreign policy and restoring defense capability. The loss of this critical vassal state under its shook the US alliance to its very core. In the beginning President did not oppose the military invasion of and It went along with the economic sanctions imposed on It even maintained its cooperation despite a attack by the government of against South killing scores of In the wake of those destabilizing what finally led the government to reverse its complicity with the West was the horrific invasion of where from the were playing an important role as threatening to return and undermine the stability of This was quickly followed by the putsch in fomenting a civil war on threatening is vital naval base in and repressing millions of ethnic citizens in the industrialized region. These blatant aggression finally pushed to challenge the expansionist policies of and the backed a plebiscite in and won when its citizens voted overwhelmingly to and preserve the bases. has backed the rebel defense of the against a invasion. accepted a request for aid from the government as it battled mercenaries and to preserve its national integrity. The sent troops and air support for the rolling back the Western and armed terrorists. In response to the economic sanctions against over the signed trade and investment agreements and joint defense pacts with China mitigating the impact of the sanctions. ORDER IT NOW Wherever seeks to seize and control territory and regimes in it now faces the nemesis. In and in the Middle East and the in the Gulf and the US meets stalemates at and at worst. The and his cronies were evicted from the to the indignation of and the Many of the thugs and swindlers fled to their new homes in on Wall in or set up at Even the gruesome had their support center Committee for Peace in based in Never in modern history has a country so rapidly transformed from degraded vassalage to a dynamic global power as Never has the US seen its grand imperial design so successfully challenged in so many places at the same time. The Nemesis has become the inescapable agent of the downfall of the US Empire. 3. The Republic of became a alternative to the dominated dictatorships and monarchies in the Middle East. The Revolutions inspired citizens throughout and As a result of its growing was punished by the US and with crippling economic sanctions pushed especially by Tel and its Western agents. Fearful that the example would destabilize its the US invaded promoted the invasion and occupation of and has backed the terrorist campaign to dismember The results have been dismal for continues to support the powerful a major political and military power in The war against is largely an campaign to destroy who favor independence over control and have support. resistance forces are leading the attack against the with commanders playing a significant role. ally in drove out the occupation forces and raised the cost of another invasion by Tel Against all the corrupt puppets in the Middle only has supported the It is the only force capable of retaliating against an sneak attack which is why it is is the Nemesis against US plans to conquer and dismember It has provided arms and volunteers on the battlefield against terrorist mercenaries. effectively negotiated a partial lifting of Western overcoming intransigence and securing trade agreements with and China. It holds the prospects for productive trade and diplomatic deals in the near future to the howling consternation of its enemies in and Tel For all the efforts by the tentacles of fifth has survived and emerged as the Nemesis of and ambitions in the Middle East. 4. became the leading proponent for an independent foreign policy in For almost twenty US tried repeatedly to overthrow the government in They By ballot or by despite slapping economic sanctions on the US suffered humiliating defeats and failed coups and aborted uprisings. remains principal thwarting its efforts to make free trade pacts and deepen military alliances in 5. Upon taking office in the new president assumed the lead role of most colorful Nemesis in Southeast Under his widely popular he pivoted to promising to sharply reduce joint military exercises in the South China Sea directed against in he secured the of several hundred leading entrepreneurs in winning an initial billion dollar investment package for critical infrastructure and trade development.. President has frequently denounced interference in his domestic war on drug traffickers citing the US hypocrisy in its criticism of his human rights record. He has personally held President responsible for meddling in affairs. Drawing on the history of the bloody US colonial war against the people in he holds the US responsible for inciting conflicts in the southern island of home region. President declaration of independence from am no ones his foreign policy priority of pivoting from US military domination to regional economic with has turned the into prime Nemesis in Southeast 6. The resistance of the mainly ethnic freedom against the onslaught of bombing and missile strikes by the air has aroused widespread solidarity throughout the Middle East. Despite the ongoing massacre of over 10,000 mostly the alliance has failed to impose a puppet regime. US links with the dictatorship have undermined its claims of humanitarian concerns for the people of The embattled rebels have secured the support of and the majority of people in the Gulf countries. As the war the increasingly rely on military fighter bombers and logistical experts from the and to pick the targets and maintain the starvation blockade. Sooner or later the courageous and tenacious resistance of the free people of against the overlords will inspire a domestic uprising against its grotesque and decrepit state. The fall of the Royal House of will bury a major scourge in the Middle East. In a the battle for has become the Nemesis of domination. ORDER IT NOW 7. Everywhere in the Western world the ruling classes and their media outlets fear and loath populists electorates who reject their austerity programs designed to deepen inequalities and further enrich the elite. Throughout the Union and in North and South workers and middle class majorities are on the march to oust the free market regimes and restore the populist welfare with its emphasis on social living wages and humane working conditions. From the to to China to North to the Nemesis and Furies of populist rollbacks threaten to dislodge the scourge held by the conglomerates and billionaires. Scattered populists may hold diverse some may be bourgeois and public indebted ecologists or protectionists. All are both united and divided by disparate interests and beliefs. And all are preparing for the inevitable downfall of the empire of the free market and wars. Today the worlds greatest global conflicts have lined up the Imperial West and its scourging allies against the Furies and Nemesis emerging on all continents. These are the inescapable agents of the Empires downfall. The scourges of the West have been free to plunder the wealth of subject peoples and launch which ravage both ancient and modern states and cultures while slaughtering and dispossessing scores of millions. The West derives its lifeblood through its scourge. Western elites rule through a chain of scourging puppet states with their bloody from death squads to ordinary piecework torturers. Without resorting too much to the wisdom of the ancient we have come to believe that movements and people finally will emerge to act as the inescapable agents of the justice leading to the downfall of the Western empire. Modern Nemesis and Furies have a dual While bringing down the old order they seek to create alternatives. The are by their nature specialists in wanton crimes against humanity. Nemesis and her sisters challenge and oust the latter as they construct their own new centers of wealth and power. and have gone beyond the role of Nemesis to the West they are poised to build a new civilization on its ruins. It remains an open question whether they can avoid becoming the new scourge against the people and nations who have risen in revolt.
Trump was depicted as an candidate. and Wall Street hated and the media were deployed to vilify him endlessly. If they could not discredit Trump surely they would steal the election from him. Some even suggested Trump would be assassinated. Acting the Trump charged repeatedly that the election was and he was of course. During the received debate questions in advance from More 30 states used voting machines that could easily be hacked. A leaked tape of Trump making obscene comments about groping women became further proof that the establishment was out to get him. In spite of all Trump managed to win by a so what To steal an one only needs to tamper with votes in two or three critical and since we must conclude that she was never the establishments chosen puppet. As Trump the fix was all except that it was rigged in his as born out by the fact. While everybody else yelped that Trump would never be allowed to I begged to differ. After the false flag shooting on I In was touted as a political outsider who will hose away all of the rot and bloody criminality of the Bush years. He turned out to be a deft move by our ruling class. Though fools still refuse to see is a perfect servant of our military banking complex. Trump is being trumpeted as another political outsider. A Trump presidency will temporarily appease lower class while serving as a magnet for liberal anger. This will buy our ruling class time as they continue to wage war abroad while impoverishing back home. Like Trump wont fulfill any of his election and will be blamed on bipartisan politics. On I doubled most cant even see that an presidents only task is to disguise the deep states intentions. Chosen by the deep state to explain away its our presidents pronouncements are nearly always contradicted by the deep states actions. While the president talks of racial prosperity for Main Street and going after the deep state wages endless stages meaningless stokes racial bankrupts nearly all and enables massive Wall Street etc. Only the infantile will imagine the president as any kind of savior even more Since the deep state wont even tolerate a renegade reporter the Mercury how can you expect a deep states enemy to land in the White It cannot happen. A presidential candidate will promise to fix all thats wrong with our and this this is actually very useful for the deep for it gives hope. Promising delivered nothing. So who do you think is being primed by the deep state to be our next false Who benefits from false flag terrorist attacks blamed on Who gains when blacks Why is the Democratic Party propping up a and terminally ill war More personable Sanders was nixed by the deep state since it had another jester in mind. The first presidential debate is Under eyes will dart in separate directions. Coughing nonstop for 90 her highness will hack up a gazillion unsecured emails. Her head will jerk plop onto the floor though continue to gush platitudes and lies. A Very Impressive and will announce. Come Trump will be installed because his constituency needs to be temporarily pacified. The deep state knows that white people are pissed. The media were out to get pundits from across the political spectrum kept but the truth is that the media made Trump. Long before the Trump became a household thanks to the media. Your average cant name any other real estate casino owner or even his own but he has known Trump since forever. For more than a Trump was a reality with two of his children also featured regularly on The Apprentice. Trumps fired and his hair became iconic. Trump appeared on talk had cameo roles in movies and owned the Miss Universe pageant. In joked that Trump as president would deck out the White House in garish with his own name huge on the The slick roasted Trump again in 2016. Trump has constantly been in the limelight. Its true that during the presidential Trump received mostly negative but this only ramped up support among his core constituency. had long seen the media as not just against everything they but against them as so the more the media attacked the more popular he became among the white working class. Like casinos specialize in empty promises. is a master just like and with help from the this New billionaire became a darling of the flyover states. Before his sudden Trump was certainly an insider. He donated to the and Bill and attended his third wedding. Golf The and Bill were also friends with one owner of the infamous Express and a sex sex slave island in the In New Magazine published International Money of Mystery. This piece He comes with cash to a fleet of and a keen eye for the say nothing of a relentless brain that challenges scientists across the for financial markets around the world. ORDER IT NOW Trump is known for fifteen years. Terrific guy. Hes a lot of fun to be with. It is even said that he likes beautiful women as much as I and many of them are on the younger side. No doubt about enjoys his social life. Bill shouts is both a highly successful financier and a committed philanthropist with a keen sense of global markets and an knowledge of science. I especially appreciated his insights and generosity during the recent trip to to work on empowering the citizen and combating gushes If you were a boxer at the downtown gymnasium at 14th Street and Mike walked your face would have the same look as these foreign leaders had when entered the room. He is the worlds greatest politician. Even during a very nasty election Trump stayed clear of association with because he himself had been chummy with the convicted pervert. Trump also never brought up the drug running in or the many mysterious deaths of those whose existence inconvenienced their hold on power. With eight years in the White plus stints as a senator then secretary of is considered the ultimate insider. Though a novice Trump is also an and its a grand joke of the establishment that managed to convince everywhere that Trump will save them. Knowing how angry the working class has the deep state could not install for that would have been a tiresome rehash of another presidency. With Bill launched the job that has wrecked this and those most affected by working class know damn well responsible. The brand has become anathema to middle While says is already Trump promises to make great but the decline of the US will only accelerate. Our manufacturing base is handicapped because workers will not put up with insanely long hours or living in cramped factory dormitories. In a global those who can suck it up best get the jobs. On the foreign belligerence will not ease up under a Trump for without a hyper kinetic military to browbeat and the world will stop lending us money. The US just wage wars to fatten the military banking but to prop up the US Dollar and prevent our economy from collapsing. The empire yields tangible benefits for even the lowliest With his livelihood the poor man does not care for the glass ceiling or climate change. Supplementing his wretched income with frequent treks to the church if not blood he needs immediate relief. Its a shame hes staking his hopes on an The deep state ushered in Trump because hes clearly their most useful decoy. As the country hopes in the crooked men behind the curtain will go on with business as usual. Trump is simply an for a different demographic. Nothing will change for the better. is the author of two books of five of and a Love Like Hate . Hes tracking our deteriorating through his frequently updated photo Postcards from the End of .
By on 2016 Radio Host and Trump supporter claims controls US The insanity has Trump mouthpiece and Arch is on the warpath against the newspapers are as you can see below or are grandson of a brothel son of a slum grew up in New and by his became the boy of mob kingpin it was and the mob that built Trumps empire and ran interference for him with the John company. covering this up seems to be really but to whom and The article below was published in todays Post. Not a word of it is it is an obvious deflection piece written to save Trumps supporters backing in face of slam dunk assertions of Trumps fanaticism. After Trump has pushed for war on for clearing out the West Bank and for a one state solution in with going through the chimneys. But why then are the human filth that would gas the big Trump Some of it comes from the movement largely begun as a by the lobby. You no swastikas painted on no big corporate donations. On by Brother a long accused rabid THE CONTROVERSY OF BULLHORN being an alleged shill has now expanded to his apparent connections on his Personal Staff Website Advertisers Link To Time Warner seeming allegiance to which explains why he virtually never targets or the rogue state of when engaging in his notorious rants and attacks may well stem from a belief and the widely circulated reports that his wife is a which makes his two children under law and eligible for the Law Of Return . With additional information on which this site is now connections prompting his reticence to expose global becomes ever more obvious. Trump has played the hate card from day building his base on hatred of of he has played the terror the yellow hordes card and the elite liberal card as well. That one is aimed at the whose empire was built by and who has been supported and financed by organized crime and now by boss who can buy and sell Trump out of his trump has always been a front for the mob. as oft pointed out by have surrounded Trump and embarrassed if you can imagine more than once. Years during nasty radio host former partner of tracked and his backing to the mob and the crime accused of their complicity in financing Now we see the press pulling out the card on one of strongest supporters in the US. Is this a Of this kind of childishness would only work with the brain dead hating that have flocked to Trump. With Trumps effusive love of everything and everything one might ask why the flock to but have never been thinkers and are great even when they are sent over a cliff like lemmings. Comment boards at have been inundated with paid some who track back to others employed by Trump surrogate operations tied to his campaign. Toads and trolls get up to for a comment placed even on wrong articles. we have closed comments to cut off this income source and clean out the trash were we can even though this is the best money Trump pays out except for hookers. When are going to rise off their knees and hit back at the and the rising tide of in the US paid for by their If the read below have you we are sorry. Humor is where we find it and this is humor at its best.
Waking Times Does anyone even know why we eat turkey every Does anyone even know why we have Is it just to eat Another Thanksgiving holiday is upon and the tradition of coming together with family to celebrate a vague connection to our heritage as conquerors of North will be celebrated by millions of people. This Thanksgiving is all the more ironic given the circumstances unfolding at the Standing Rock Revolution over the Access Pipeline where Native are being brutalized by militarized police who are protecting a corporate project. So what is the true story of A brief history The first actual proclaimed Day of Thanksgiving came in 1637 in a meeting between the and religious mercenaries. The were celebrating their annual Green Harvest which resembles Thanksgiving. On the eve of the the demanded that everyone comes out of their puts their weapons on the and surrenders by converting to Those who obliged with these terroristic demands were either shot dead or clubbed to death. Those who stayed inside their including women and children were burnt to death. In more than 700 and children were slaughtered that day. The victory was celebrated by the Governor of Bay Colony holding a feast and trumpeted this as a Day of Thanksgiving. During the they cut off heads of Natives and put them on display including beheading the Chief and impaling his head on a pole in which stayed on display for the next 24 years. Beyond the historical context of Turkey there is a modern aspect of this story that needs to be outed and understood. Modern meat farming has become the most horrifying and inhumane practice on planet earth. While some activists work to expose the shocking abuses that routinely take place in concentrated animal feeding operations the meat industry and the National Grocers Association is constantly working to avoid the public relations nightmare that publicity would certainly bring. laws criminalize activism with the aim of keeping consumers in the and the largest meat companies have engineered a system of farm control where individual farmers are under severe having no say whatsoever on how animals are housed and treated. Never the the issue of animal cruelty as an embedded part of our food supply is something which needs to be brought into the light of day and for there truly are much more healthier and humane ways of feeding ourselves. To this and to bring awareness to the ritual insanity of Thanksgiving turkey filmmaker and activist presents Turkey a short film about the weeks festivities. A word of for some of the content in this while is genuinely disturbing. People will do things just cause everyone else and just keep doing it until it becomes tradition. Read more articles from Bishop . About the Author This article Bishop Please contact for more info.
Waking Times One of the greatest takeaways of election 2016 is that corporate news no longer cares about maintaining the appearance of and that the has made it possible to counter the state driven narrative with alternative journalism. This of course challenges the abilities of the corporate media who were shocked when their preferred candidate lost. was the choice of nearly every newspaper editorial board. It matter. The Times Just a week after the Twitter and other giants are now declaring a war on fake news sites trumpeting the idea that unregulated information is confusing and misleading the public and interfering with our ability to make sound decisions. The here is that the public can not be and therefore information in the public domain must be controlled and regulated. But by Already several lists of websites are being widely circulated around the and heralded as places to instantly determine the credibility of an publisher. There are a number of alarming problems with especially for a nation that supposedly values freedom of speech and freedom of the press. Several of these lists websites under multiple which are only tangentially yet grouped under the all encompassing banner of fake news. what is the for between fake news and misleading is there a material difference between misleading news and or is it just about wording of the article what is the difference between a fake news site and a hoax where does editorial news fit into this and if the term propaganda is being does it now apply to editorializing in The most important is who decides what fake news The Hit List The most widely circulated list right now was created and is maintained by a professor and researcher at College in North I am an assistant professor of communication and this list started as a resource for my who are learning about literacy. The list of news site you should avoid is located here . It breaks down some websites with different ratings under the broad introductory Satirical News Sources. There are zero examples given for any of these sites explaining why they fall under the heading of fake or why their content is to be considered just a link to their homepage. In other these sites are fake news sites because says they are. When I first saw this I was actually not surprised to find that my was on this given our easy to spot quo although it was intriguing to me that my site was misnamed Walking which I took as a sign of the authors carelessness in creating this list. Waking Times has a history as an and content with almost 7000 guest authored and aggregated articles which express the personal biases and world views of the . This is perfectly legal and acceptable in a free society. I contacted Ms. and demanded that she remove our site from the and although I have not heard back from her to her our site was removed from the list within half an hour of my email. For background on her Ms. has publicly responded to the question of what news sites trusts and Some people are asking which news sources I and all I can say is that I very from corporate owned sources The New Times The The Globe The Wall Street Journal as well as The National Public and various local and alternative sources with different political some of which are included on this list. Without many of these mainstream sites are guilty of publishing and propagandistic especially so in this election so it is clear that an agenda is in play here. The News Hit List This published by News World Report by Dicker Associate Editor of Social only features 16 out of defaming other peoples work without citation or even examples. Avoid These Fake News Sites at All Costs the Dicker which includes the satirical The Onion offers three and all lumped under the banner of fake news. Serious like Activist Post are grouped along satire and hoax as propaganda. Who decides which propaganda is Dicker has published a number of articles for which can be seen on her author here . A quick scan of her work reveals an overt bias towards against for social justice and towards leftist political causes. In other Dicker herself has a bias and an and is a propagandist. The Growing List of Other Hit Lists Now that its all the rage to castigate supposedly fake news in frenzy of coming official the list of lists is and propagandists have now been given franchise to defame others. Ed has a here . has its elaborated here . the oracle of truth has published its here . The Independent has posted their version of the here . Pardon the but the list goes on and on. Real Issues Censorship and Personal Responsibility Whats really happening here is a portal towards total censorship is being opened and exploited by the establishment. The has in recent years been flooded with bogus news and it has long been my suspicion that this phenomenon would lead to exactly the scenario we see unfolding right now. The public would clamor for a crackdown on fake and in the and critical alternative journalists will be forced out of business and off the by an authoritarian corporate government. Another real issue at play is the concept of personal responsibility on the part of both publishers and users. There is inarguably some gray area when looking at how the will as there are no doubt players who will publish anything just to make but does that mean that individuals be trusted with making up their own The following message from activist John Vibes does well to sum up the of these two issues in the following The and the alternative media has given us freedom of information. One drawback to this is that people did not seem to get the memo that responsibility is somewhat of a prerequisite for true freedom. In previous the mainstream media people and whether it was true or everyone accepted it at face value because they have much of an ability to fact check even if they wanted to. Now we have a sea of information thanks to the intern et and the Just like the mainstream media in the some of this information is while some of it is not. With the mainstream media since they only gave you one narrative instead of a sea of information to sift it was easy for someone to make up their mind about things. Now with all this freedom of people really need to do their due diligence and actually research the information they come instead of letting a media organization spoon feed them a particular point of this goes for both alternative and mainstream media. I say this in light of the fact that multiple sites that i write for have been targeted as fake news sites because we present a viewpoint that is alternative to the mainstream. We are being lumped in with bullshit sites and i think that is all a part of the plan that the mainstream has to reassert their legitimacy. We work very hard to fact check our and always make corrections when people need to realize they are in a new era of one that requires research and personal responsibility. Final Thoughts The changing face of news and information with the advent of the and user friendly content management systems means that anyone can share their ideas with people who are willing to look at them. And people naturally have opinions about politics and meaning that we are all propagandists when we publish on the As the corporate and political establishment look for more ways to control the debate and control public we will see the rise of truth czars and the rise of an official ministry of truth. Unless you do something about it. . About the Author is a student and teacher of Chi and a practitioner of Yoga and Taoist and an activist and idealist passionately engaged in the struggle for a more sustainable and just world for future generations. He is the editor of the proprietor a grateful father and a man who seeks to enlighten others with the power of inspiring information and action. He may be contacted at . This article
explained well 5 surprising lessons from Trumps astonishing win and the historic crushing failure of traditional but it really boils down to one simple In the battleground where most of the advertising dollars and money was being the Trump organization made use of the organization in those portions of the that benefited from those established contacts and its methods and but not in the portions of the that needed to be improved and to function better than in all prior Presidential elections. The simple fact is that Trumps understanding of national politics was better even than that of the candidate whom all of the polls during the political primaries showed to be the most preferred by the most people and thus to be able to beat any of the other contestants in a electoral choice against any of the Sanders. this and this for the evidence on if there were any remaining doubt as to why he consider this report from near on right after the voters want leader to end advantage of rich and powerful poll . For this poll of 10,000 people leaving their 75 percent agree that needs a strong leader to take the country back from the rich and powerful. That had been too. Trumps campaign brought people like that out to Sanders may have been right to think that highest net is generally the biggest single predictive factor determining a Presidential candidates winning the White House he had the highest but he his opponent missed the importance of the which Trump made use of . can be seen clearly when you look further at the the actual people who went to the polls the people sampled in the were fundamentally different from the of likely voters that were sampled in the Trump trumped all traditional politics. This achievement is simply Whereas Sanders failed to recognize that in Democratic Party primaries there was more emotional intensity for the Democratic than there was for ideological progressivism which dominated the Democratic Party prior to Bill win in understanding of that turned out to have been and so the incompetent but politician was able to steal the Democratic Party nomination from Trump was able easily to garner the most primary votes in a crowded field and so to become the nominee of one of the two major political Parties and go on to face the incompetent in the general election. From such a between two candidates both of whom had hugely have made much political and so he chose to endorse the thief and become a in the and profoundly corrupt Democratic instead of to found an authentically independent political movement not political Party but political movement which would honestly and without partisanship which from which of the two political on as against the given candidates provide the highest benefit and least harm toward advancing the progressive cause. was the only constructive path forward for him after robbed He chose the route. Sanders opted to become just a cog in an ugly greasy the Democratic Party wing of the aristocracy. After the Republican nomination was won by Trump he did he went on to build on that success an authentic beside and outside the Republican Party. His basic message remained and as the Republican faced the biggest in his entire whether now to reach out to the millions of voters the largest of all by joining with now the Bill Democratic emphasis upon both race and gender over economic class as whats posing the biggest barrier to achieving equality of economic opportunity in which Trump would have adopted basic campaign to stay with his original message that economic class the elites corruption behind poses the biggest barrier against achieving the society. Trump as it now turns out chose the latter path original Sanders basic he was determined to retain the populist so as to be able to bring the largest numbers of voters to the polls on Election Day in the states and crush his opponent who was looking to win a coalition of segments etcetera. She thought that those peoples personal would sufficiently surmount any negative feelings they might have regarding her long history of corrupt use of public office to advantage her financial so that she would beat the she turned out to be wrong . What will be the important consequences of Trumps a Sanders voted for Trump against for the reasons that I have earlier describing the consequences that a Trump win would have. a Sanders Heres Why Ill Vote Trump I summed on that Trump is rapidly moving political center in the opposite direction from the direction that Bill and which was toward away from those conservative Democratic Presidents and have moved political center considerably toward the right the agenda A President Trump would reverse the political direction that this country has been heading in ever since 1993. If we progressives help Trump to do we shall be throwing away the only such opportunity that the oligarchy allowed us to have. A President would have the support of almost all congressional Democrats no matter how her proposals and her financial backers will buy enough congressional Republicans to make her the most effective most conservative Democratic President in decades if not centuries. The prospect is chilling. The biggest objection I hear to that from my fellow progressives But think of the people hell appoint to the Supreme And my answer to that This Is No Cold Its Far Worse Than That. has been intensely committed to completing drive toward nuclear war against and even the question of the Supreme Court is trivial in comparison to that. as I argued in a Sanders Heres Why Ill Vote Trump Trump might actually turn out to be a far more progressive President than he is expected to be. even if that turns out not to be the Trump is thoroughly committed to halting aggression against the biggest loser in this Presidential election is Walker the person who in 1990 secretly established the plan to conquer which plan every President since has been carrying out and was expecting to complete that operation. This was thus a historic the government will turn away from the path toward war against upon which path the United States has been leading the world ever since 1990. I am and enormously at the result even if Trump turns out to be a bad a the opposite of a President on all other matters the Supreme Even in the Trump will be a much better President than would the Thank Without your achievement the likely result now would be even worse than what did as Secretary of State .
Orangutan. Rigged. Worth trying but its not a fair game. style type machines and software will count the votes and the corporate controlled media will announce the results. No mention of Election Fraud or the problems of the past. Long live Mike Brad and other who have tried to fight for our democracy. Will only get worse from here it seems. Always hopeful though. S Government will win as always. Freedom will lose as always. The ruling elite control most elected officials and hundreds of thousands of government bureaucrats legislate unconstitutionally from their offices. We sit upon Trillion in real debt and another in unfunded liabilities. Trump wishes to increase military spending and never met a war she support behalf of her of Our medical system is nearly completely destroyed by over a century of government micromanagement and collusion with the We have more people incarcerated than nearly every other country on earth mostly for drug offenses and neither candidate looks to have the courage or the desire to truly allow freedom in this area Trump shows the greatest Our black ops etc. are working tirelessly to undermine governments around the incite and provoke armed conflict maybe even nuclear all for the benefit of the arms cartel and who profit from every war. The people of clearly have NO interest in restoring private property business sound etc. anymore. This rebellion that has gotten behind Trump still needs to bear fruit with regards to demanding REAL change at the federal and state levels. What will come of the following months is to be but I as with so many previous these folks will go back to their and and will forget about the fundamental corruption and crony capitalism that is destroying this country so long as they get a few bones thrown their way to pacify them. Let us hope something far more profound comes of it all. Time for a drink. a of final results displayed on by by station popular 41,765,317 trump electoral 343 trump 195. although the early reporting showing trump with a commanding lead matches my take on my cynical side suspects that it is the way of getting out the supporters if anonymous were a real todays show would be have been completely different. real hackers waste their precious time defacing websites. if trump does i picture as the after years of has finally caught that darn UPS truck. jowls full of brown but with a dawning comprehension on his realizing exactly what do i do Orangutan. Continuity of Govt plans have been implemented and in place. Dept of Homeland Security is now running our elections. The results will not be publicly available for review anymore according to Similar to the results in where the primary was announced for but may have actually ended up winning there. Welcome to the 1984 style Continuity of Government plan and Department of Homeland Security run elections thanks to the publics refusal to emotionally or intellectually acknowledge the truth about or the false flag anthrax attacks that followed. Especially agree with the comment about the Anthrax attack. The criminals are still at large for that obvious crime. I laughed when Administration decided to shut down any investigation into it. is a Nation of subjects who are continually subjected to the lies and falsehoods of their elected leaders. We have state crimes going far back to the era of People that still think Corruption really that bad in that its all a conspiracy theory. Thank you for Its not an election when it fails to meet that definition due to multiple methods for election fraud. Its not for a US president but an appointed leader. its not reported by but the appointers propaganda minions. Of if we continue this argument with other points centered in Wars of and lying about near everything we cant even call it the US as defined by our Constitution. where do we go from Start with truth. Then see what develops. this vote shows that all the people you have been trying to wake up to the corruption and graft are waking up. This is just the beginning. Be happy. It does not matter what we think or do or say anymore. The republic has been overthrown by the plutocrats who remain in power as long as the citizenry believe in the concocted and fraudulent electoral system they fabricated that selects the candidate who serves not the people. Participation of the masses is necessary to grant them the mandate to ensure the continuity of their reign that has continually impoverished the majority of the nation. In the beginning representative government in was a wonderful experiment that has since brick by decade by decade into a shell of its former creation to become a bastion of despotism. The poor are still indentured to the government by onerous debt as were to their 19 century plantations only the title of ownership has changed. The middle once a foundation of prosperity has now become an economic relegated to the status of freemen of the peasant class. The wealthy are richer in material millionaires become billionaires and the government siphons off from the upper class to enrich itself by political by statute and by ignoring the rule of equal justice under the law. How long will the people tolerate this abomination of corrupt What will be the future event that triggers the entire country to Will it be a complete economic breakdown of society or the devastation of nuclear war on our We the People have the we have always possessed it. The time of reconciliation is upon we must balance the ledger of liberty back in our favor. The only way to peacefully do it is reject the system that oppresses us. Do not engage with do not obey tell them their lies carry no we see through the veil of falsity and reject it and demand a new path to opportunity and happiness for all who are willing to work towards it. The is fucked. But it needs to collapse now or within 100 years for people to totally realize they were duped. It is the only way to start anew. according to trump has and north my top 3 will there be a thorough investigation of the what will he do if the next happens on his will he kill and global warming One thing is utterly if Trump the wholly Wall Street owned Democratic Party gave it to him by rigging primaries to put the criminal gang on the ballot. Because would have won won with the votes not only of millions of nominally Democratic voters who rightly cant stomach and vote for her we voted or Libertarian or Trump or stayed but also with the votes of millions who are voting Trump because he appears to at least not be part of the Wall Street criminal gang of hereditary oligarchs. Chambers Looks like Trump will be President and free to do as he pleases. The bet on seat has been made good. The Democrats will now have to rethink identity politics and third way I wonder if will try to ram through the trade agreements and a few other monstrosities now during the lame duck session. bye bye. Its the one silver lining to the overhanging clouds. What a disaster of a Such arrogant And what a comeuppance for the party and its big money It is going to cost them a lot of money to into Trumps good graces. All we need now is for Trump to sell out his working class supporters for the Democrats to return to a sincere politics that brings back the independent voters. They should have given his rightful chance. what we are likely to see is another attempt by the 4 years from now against Warren. Two losses likely to dissuade that bitch in the least. I told you back in and again 2 weeks ago that Trump would Chambers Evil Genius Who knows the and better than My favorite part was voted 2-1 against Ha ha Theres an error in the word broke is missing broke imagine if tomorrow trump says were going to build that but while were waiting for the check from why we find 500 engineers and architects and 5,000 construction folk and send them to flint to fix the water system. him delivers grand had a bad day but be totally tomorrow. trump should hire some guy whose only job is to make each day worse than the last. gone is nice. cannabis is nice. why is this thread so Jack Its time to collapse this mess and start new.
0 Add Comment IN THE immediate aftermath of Trumps shock win in the US presidential there were fears many people would become lost in voicing their anger and sadness in all directions in a bid to vent their sense of profound fear and apprehension now that a person who has repeatedly uttered reprehensible beliefs occupies the most powerful position in the world. this proved not to be the case as found out when it talked with numerous people in and around the who exemplified the pride the human race now had in itself after being able to greet the horrific news in a calm and measured way. It is when were faced with when hate shows it now owns the that we must forge a new path together to the brighter future we all but that future will be after a nuclear winter a sobbing wreck of a man and a proud Henry shared with as he polished his shotgun and thought about taking a walk alone to his shed out back. The election clearly divided but it is time for the people to come together. Love trumps hate. A rising tide lifts all New Yorker shared as she boarded a small sail unsure of where she was I have no idea how to sail but Ill live like in if I have she added. Many people echoed the sentiments of concession speech in which the Democrat urged everyone to work with Trump and give the man who called rapists and murderers and called for a ban on the benefit of the doubt. Trump Tower look all that structurally were talking A few sticks of dynamite and the whole thing comes down. Just asking for a shared another New Yorker we spoke to. It is believed the number of people placing their children in pods and launching them into space in the hope they reach a more tranquil planet with a brighter future elsewhere are still in the minority. The rational and reasoned response was also experienced outside of although people acknowledged the fact heard every word uttered from the president they suspect everything will be fine. what difference does it be grand shared fresh from pulling out all of her hair in a and disconnecting her radio and for at least four years. Never felt offered a hooded figure holding a flaming torch in one hand and a rope in the other.
0 Add Comment RATHER than relax and play Hold Em with his friends as they had a few cans after a recent night hardcore Noel attempted to explain the impenetrable rules of the card game which he claims is way better than hi. also known as that involves the dealing of 5 cards to each player and the reveal of a trump followed by at least 10 minutes of explaining how the 2 of spades can beat the 9 of diamonds if spades were lead and diamonds trump. made great efforts to explain to the 6 other men around the table of his flat the baffling rules of stealing and but in the end had to concede that the game was too complex and the players were too drunk to fully wrap their heads around it. After the back to the few the cards come said dealing himself a solemn hand of Patience. The lads all play but 25 is where its at. Way more you can win a hand with nothing if you play it right. But the lads just get to grips with the fingers. later went to see if there were any in the area who were looking to play and is considering setting up a club or something where they can go and drink and play cards and complain about
We Are Change Trump on was quickly ushered off the stage by Secret Service agents in the middle of a campaign speech in after an incident in the crowd near the front of the stage. The incident turned out to be a false alarm that spurred the arena into reports suggested a man now known to be 33 was potentially armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. Those reports have since been retracted the man was found to unarmed besides with a republicans against Trump sign. No weapon found at Reno event where Trump was rushed off senior law enforcement official says Breaking News 2016 One witness said that they were in the crowd when an unknown guy toward the stage staring at Trump. The witness then proceeded to get the attention of four bigger guys surrounding them and confronted the man. The man then freaked out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. According to the witness the man was mumbling about the delegates. I was in the me and my dad saw a guy creeping toward the stage staring at trump. i got the attention of 4 big guys around me and we confronted him and when we did he out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. when we tackled him to the ground and between punches he kept saying something about the he must have the delegates. sorry pretty shaken up right now. With one person in the crowd shouting hes got a gun. The man was then detained by police Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. The man is seen below Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. Nobody said it was going to be easy for but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. broke down the early details in the video below. has since been exonerated and posted to the following post appeared first on We Are Change .
We Are Change Video shows that Trump was in the middle of his speech when the incident occurred. He was looking into the his hand over his eyes to block the glare from the stage when Secret Service agents grabbed him and escorted him off the stage. Trump ducked his head as he left the stage. The crowd panicked with frightened looks on their as the Secret Service and police tactical units rushed in to quickly arrest the man. Video on twitter shows the moment that the Secret Service and law enforcement took down the man. Got footage of man who was detained by police and Secret Service after was rushed off stage by agents Diamond 2016 Early unconfirmed reports suggest a man was armed in the crowd according to some witnesses. One witness said that they were in the crowd when an unknown guy toward the stage staring at Trump. The witness then proceeded to get the attention of four bigger guys surrounding them and confronted the man. The man then freaked out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. According to the witness the man was mumbling about the delegates. I was in the me and my dad saw a guy creeping toward the stage staring at trump. i got the attention of 4 big guys around me and we confronted him and when we did he out and reached into his pocket to grab what looked like a gun. when we tackled him to the ground and between punches he kept saying something about the he must have the delegates. sorry pretty shaken up right now. With one person in the crowd shouting hes got a gun. The man was then detained by police Secret Service agents and SWAT armed with assault rifles and taken to a side room for questioning. The suspect is seen below. Trump returned to the stage minutes later and proceeded to continue his speech before thanking the Secret Service and police. Nobody said it was going to be easy for but we will never be stopped. We will never be stopped. I want to thank the Secret Service. These guys are fantastic. breaks down the details in the video below of the attempted assassination of the candidate worth noting that the last Trump assassination attempt also occurred in when a citizen attempted to grab a police officers gun and shoot Trump a few weeks was right when he said earlier today to John that Trump Be Allowed To Win. Although just missed how he would be IS A DEVELOPING STORY AND WILL BE UPDATED AS NEW DETAILS BECOME The post appeared first on We Are Change .
In the schoolyard of Republican presidential candidate Trump stood tall as he fired back at Vice President for a slam sent his way last press always asks I wish I were debating I wish we were in high school I could take him behind the gym. Thats what I said last week while attacking him for comments that surfaced from Trumps commented on that remark during a rally in Stories Trump Dedicates The Future Lies With The Dreamers Trump Sets Milestone In Contributions Newt Defends Trump Against Sexual Predator Accusations Did you see where wants to take me to the back of the Trump asked his Trump responds to saying he'd like to take Trump the love Tough News 2016 Id love that . Id love Trump added. Tough Guy. Hes Tough Guy. You hes Tough when hes standing behind a microphone by seemed to relish the things in life you could really love Trump trying to envision something more fitting than this election actually ending in a fist fight and i many economic problems could be solved by making a trump boxing match 2016 Trending Stories Frustrated With Media Trump Campaign Takes Its Case Directly To Voters With Nightly Show On Independent Voters Push Trump To The Front In And Official Takes Host To Task For Claiming There Is No Media Bias Trump also threw a jab at the the if I said Hes violent. How could he have done Trump who according to one recent poll has a narrow lead in told supporters that he was confident of victory 14 days we are going to win the state of and we are going to win back the White he have a thing going on that they have never seen before. It is a movement. They have never seen anything like it before. We are going to win and we are going to bring back a lot of good things including common sense to the White Trump have the power in our he said. In just 14 days 14 Can you believe I it was a year and a half. Now were down to 14 had unbelievably nasty primaries. Were proud to say they were the most difficult and toughest primaries they say in the history of politics. And now we have a nasty election. But we have the facts on our he do you
Share on This can result in shortness of pale or yellow irregular muscle mental unsteady and mental confusion or forgetfulness. Nobody wants to deal with those sort of health issues so pharmaceutical companies have come up with a multivitamins. One of the most popular brands in is In one you can receive all the necessary nutrients you need to maintain a healthy lifestyle. It sounds too good to be true. And it is. take this pill on a daily and the only difference it makes to the consumer is a significantly lighter wallet. The Popular Health Scam Named Last was ranked as the second leading multivitamin its sales being 189.6 million dollars. This multivitamin was created by the world's largest pharmaceutical company. is also dubbed manufacturer of fine after a history of health care fraud and illegal marketing that began soon after begin launched in 1849. Despite its sketchy is extremely probably due to the dollar ad marketing campaign by most of which are trumped claims with dubious backings. Why is Bad For Your Health Here is a list of ingredients under three 1. Minerals and Vitamins Poor Calcium Carbonate This is the least forms of calcium available in the market. Only a small percent is ingested into the body. Ferrous This iron supplement often causes constipation which causes an overgrowth of harmful flora. As a you may experience gastrointestinal a compromised immune and problems with nutrient absorption. This is an obviously bad choice for a multivitamin. This is a synthetic form a vitamin E supplement. Researchers at State University found that the body excretes this artificial form three times as faster than the natural. the benefit is decreased threefold. Sulfate and Tin This would be great if you had a nickel or tin deficiency. Except no one has this problem. Even when minerals are bound to a this decrease their absorption ability. Talc This is a mineral made up of mostly and oxygen. talc can contain a substance known to cause cancers. 2. Fillers and Binders Corn Starch This is purely a binder with no benefits. It is likely to be made from genetically modified corn which creates a number of adverse especially for those who are sensitive to it. is a preservative that science has found to be toxic to the and can affect blood coagulation. It can also promote tumors. Gelatin This multivitamin is officially unfit for vegetarians and vegans. Hydrogenated Palm Oil The process of hydrogenating any oil makes the oil turning it into a strong free radical which promotes cancer and heart disease. Sodium This is an overused preservative that has been shown to cause organ toxicity. Sodium This common food additive for its effects can cause health organ deterioration. It contributes to the detrimental properties of table salt. 3. Artificial Colors Yellow No. 6 Aluminum Lake there is food coloring in a and this one was actually derived from coal a reproductive toxin. Studies found it to cause adrenal tumor in the lab animals. How To Choose a Good Multivitamin A health supplement should not have a minuscule amount of good properties with such detriment along with it. pick a multivitamin without additives and artificial with the benefits of the vitamins are absorbed. It would be a good idea to choose a tried and true brand from a health food store as opposed to the commercially popular kinds found in a pharmacy. Remember you get what you pay and its better to pay for a better vitamin now than for disease treatment later on. isn't the only health scam on the market. Most cheap multivitamins and supplements can do more harm than good. Many multivitamin trials have resulted in cardiovascular depleted cognitive and acute respiratory tract infections. Especially in there has been cases of cancer and even mortality. Of it would be optimal to simply eat all the nutrients we need. This can sometimes become challenging don't you can still have your proper vitamins supplemented. Here are a few recommended Labs
Has Become A Lawless Nation Magically Cleared By The By on 2016 It is hard to be proud to be an today after watching director magically clear of all wrongdoing. is likely to go down in history as the man that struck the final death blow to the rule of law in During his address to the admitted that sent or received 110 emails in 52 email chains that contained classified material at the time they were sent. But of course there were probably many more. told the press that it was likely that there are other emails that they did not produce that are now gone because they deleted all emails they did not return to and the lawyers cleaned their devices . So basically turned over to the whatever she felt like turning and then she destroyed the rest of the evidence. As a former this infuriates but it surprise me. In it surprise me at all that was allowed to skate. I expected this all along. If you search the thousands of articles that I have posted on The Economic Collapse and End Of The Dream you will find many articles where I say that should be in but not a single one where I ever said that I thought she would be going to prison. This is how politics in works today. People like Bill and could openly sacrifice children to on the White House lawn and still probably not get into trouble. Despite scandal after scandal going all the way back to in the nothing ever sticks to and nothing probably ever will. In this director essentially had to rewrite federal law in order to clear This is something that explained very well in his article entitled Rewrites Federal Law to Let Off the Hook There is no way of getting around According to Director a former colleague and longtime friend of checked every box required for a felony violation of Section of the federal penal code With lawful access to highly classified information she acted with gross negligence in removing and causing it to be removed it from its proper place of and she transmitted it and caused it to be transmitted to others not authorized to have in patent violation of her trust. Director even conceded that former Secretary was extremely careless and strongly suggested that her recklessness very likely led to communications own and those she corresponded being intercepted by foreign intelligence services. In in order to give a the rewrote the inserting an intent element that Congress did not require. The added intent makes no The point of having a statute that gross negligence is to underscore that government officials have a special obligation to safeguard national defense when they fail to carry out that obligation due to gross they are guilty of serious wrongdoing. The lack of intent to harm our country is irrelevant. People never intend the bad things that happen due to gross negligence. The amazing thing is that the handled a highly similar case very differently less than a year ago. Just check out what happened to Naval reservist Magistrate Judge J. immediately sentenced to two years of a and forfeiture of personal media containing classified materials. was further ordered to surrender any currently held security clearance and to never again seek such a clearance. According to court was a Naval reservist deployed in in 2007 and 2008. In his role as a Regional Engineer for the military in had access to classified briefings and digital records that could only be retained and viewed on authorized government computers. caused the materials to be downloaded and stored on his unclassified electronic devices and storage media. He carried such classified materials on his unauthorized media when he traveled in carried those materials back to the United States at the end of his deployment. In the United continued to maintain the information on unclassified systems in unauthorized and copied the materials onto at least one additional unauthorized and unclassified system . actions came to light in early when he admitted to Naval personnel that he had handled classified materials inappropriately . later admitted following his statement to Naval he destroyed a large quantity of classified materials he had maintained in his home . Despite when the Federal Bureau of Investigation searched home in May agents recovered numerous classified materials in digital and hard copy forms. The investigation did not reveal evidence that intended to distribute classified information to unauthorized personnel. So what is the difference between and Neither of them ever intended to do anything wrong. So why were they treated so Needless to social media is exploding with outrage over this decision to let go free. Many are openly asking why they should continue to play by the rules if politicians like are not required to do so. this is what has become. Our politicians are a reflection of who we are as a and as I have stated before is going to be the overwhelming favorite if there is an election in At this she has solid leads in all of the swing and she only really needs to win one of them Perhaps you enjoy talk of battleground states. theres a scenario for too. pick the six closest swing states Got Now understand that New only has to win one of them in order to reach the requisite 270 electoral votes to win . third step for Republicans start shotgunning Blue Ribbon and stop until Lest any Trump supporters seek solace in poll recent polls have Trump sliding further behind in all the relevant swing states. According to a battleground poll released last Trump trails by in in in North in and in is a miserable human being and right now she is the favorite to become the next president of the United States. But ultimately it is the people that are to blame for blindly supporting corrupt politicians such as and if they willingly pick her to be our next president then we will certainly deserve whatever consequences follow. The Price Of Silver Explodes Past 20 Dollars An Ounce As The Banking Crisis Deepens I struggle trying to get my head around this. It goes against all reasonable consideration of law and civilized society. What refocuses and grounds me is when I consider that this is another puzzle piece of end time prophecy being put into place. This brings me closer to an understanding of Gods will for me and my place in it all. The best part is that I am already saved and cleared for the afterlife. God Bless all DO Presidents Bush and have gotten away with so why would anyone think that would be charged over some illegal K Well the final proof. We have the best Government and law enforcement money can buy. boy have they been bought. A Republic requires an informed survive. And we sure do not have that. So welcome to the new all the justice you can accidental web address electorate to We turned on the just to watch the announcement that had to make about Just as he made the announcement that indicated that their recommendations to the would be to not press that very second a loud boom went off in my house sounding exactly like a cannon and my husband and both sons saw a purple bolt of lightning outside and a ball of fire and then my froze with the words coming out mouth. never experienced anything like that in my life. We all felt that it had spiritual implications in regards to the announcement made. What did you do Pack another cone Jerry C Lightning is called the Finger of God. Believers are getting signs all over the place. Shalom. She said she was overreact. Its not like our nations survival is on the line. In all seriousness If folks cant see the writing on the wall here and you know they wont theres no hope left. has not become a lawless it has been a lawless nation for quite sometime. Now they even try to cover it animals are but some animals are more equal than others. is an example of a more equal one way more equal. Liberals are the SCUM of the amen to that the liberal mind is a demonic heathen reprobate bloodsuckers and that goes double for the you are apiece of you are a piece of Guest I was thinking same thing. The elites bother covering up their deeds or their intentions anymore. That in itself says a After I learned this heres the . All the lies can you to the dumb public What so proud as were as the twilight last Who broad stripes and bright lost in meaningless the ramparts torn by some gallantly And the debt red and the money made of Gave proof to the night that the flag is now Where does that star spangled banner yet the land of the and the home of the Creepy the land of the and the Home of the Debt Slaves Amen. This is an insanity world nation in which we are living. Bill You are so right tonight it is very hard to be a proud guest as an citizen I behalf of all apologize for this governments incredible hypocrisy . I am sick to my stomach about this. Even though I fully expected this I had some tiny hope in my heart and soul that justice might be served. I am terrified of a US run by cant even say her name. She is a demonic woman who needs all the prayers she can It is hard to fathom the implications that her communist agenda will bring We are in for some very great Its just getting started my friend. She is the next president of Not if you guys can vote for a third party candidate. Every vote for a 3rd party candidate is a vote for Jerry C There is no third maybe a two party outside the sham coin. that is true. That is what God has revealed through Trump. It is clear to all of us how much almost demonic anger is expressed against Trump by both parties. They speak with one voice their true said that would be cleared of this many times on this board. Suck it Rhino Horns You should be ashamed of yourself. Unless you repent of your carnality and sins in this Judgment Day is going to be very and for you. you are hardcore. you got a million more partners in as supporters. I would not want to be in any of your shoes when the 2nd advent is happening. until go in Peace. none special forces do her dirty I think back to the days of breaking the show. the fixer along with the rest of where to loyal to this country to ever do the kinds of things has been accused of doing. Even the Mafia. They helped out in the second world War. Not if Sanders has anything to say about it. Which he I look forward to being President told the board numerous times she would be cleared. Ya the only one who saw that one coming dude. a straight up genius. AND very has ruled the pass 7.5 yrs. The country cannot survive another 4. there is no Thats exactly what he wants you to believe that hes not a hes not etc. Why do you think there are caricatures of him in a cape and mocking the idea of playing right into his The is its between legs. Mike I therefore I am. Mike You are one of the many proofs that exists. there IS a Mike My point exactly. You are a fool and hopefully a fatal victim of your own arrogance and filth. Your dissenting opinion hurts my feelings. Please stop. Stop my safe space bro. Your micro aggressions are not cool. Thats what he wants people to think. The Parasite Class care what criminal acts has done. Neither do the convicted or the natural constituency. Does it seem to anyone else INCREDIBLY CONVENIENT that the shooting and soon to come in Baton Rouge comes at a perfect time to drive the criminality out of the All you poor boys are going to have to accept that was legally cleared and that she will be our new Glorious President. After there will be no more She will be worse than or O. Maybe one of her government paid bodyguards will step up and take care of as a patriot. At least once she is elected we can get this show on the road and stop futzing around on the was just the set up will blow this sky high. You will not be nearly so glib when you see the wreckage she leaves in her wake. I think I understand on a much deeper and clearer level now what the Apostle meant when he called the future global the man of lawlessness. It is more than just corruption and criminal it is a complete disregard and above any law status. It was not that way 1974 when was hounded out of office was much less that has done. So the Tower of rises. Who is willing to stand against Q Lest any Trump supporters seek solace in poll recent polls have Trump sliding further behind in all the relevant swing states. The medias are us for a massive Democrat voter fraud campaign in those states. Bevy You are right We are going to go judgment because of our rampant sin and only a small remnant will has joined John John etc. I have lived almost 74 years and have never seen as corrupt an administration as this one. My estimate of years left based on my genetic profile is probably 5 to 10 years. I feel sorry for my descendants. I personally feel this country is in the last years of its existence. was Gods judgment against this nation. Please read the prophesy and then read what God will do to this nation as a result of our defiance from He will utterly destroy this nation. You say that God will never do such a thing. He will and know this that when you walk into any church and see if any pulpits says anything at all about this this coming The answer will be no. God in the prophecy says the pulpit is wholly to blame. During the homosexual marriage issue how many pulpits came out against this None. Because God has blinded just like pharaoh of the pulpit. They have been consumed with the outward versus the inward. They are vipers among vipers. 911 was the warning of the the ignored it with Time to 911 was meant to blame for everything but the and were behind along with the This a distraction so the real bad guys could install people like and let his destructive agenda destroy choke us in focus on same sex butt etc. While we were occupied with the the real bad guys did their thing and now have us on the precipice of total destruction and marginalization. If you voted for YOU are part of the problem. on same sex butt ever obsessed with Gays Patriot Amen. This Is why I am convinced will be the next president. Its all apart of the plan to destroy Constitution and sovereignty during her reign She is what the illegals and progressives are calling and the Lord will oblige the desires of those who blaspheme and spit in the face of the God of our natures God Nothing will change until the pulpits start preaching Truth and a nation repents All is going along with the prophetic word and the nations are aiding and abetting to the fullness of the The for the most are bringing about the apostasy. sad the church wants to be liked and civil in this matter. Sin is a three letter bad word. Churches are more interested and not scaring people off with the truth. that is the majority of churches scare me. The only truth that scared me was Hell and I was scared into the kingdom by Gods love for me a sinner. That He died for me to save me. hear much about that these days. Politically incorrect. on the way to Hell. Jerry C Id say sin is a death. I agree with you regarding Gods move against the but I tend more towards being one of a couple of disciplines and the 2008 meltdown was the regarding coming judgment on the nation rather than it actually being a judgment. If becomes she will be just like the real narcissistic and and her rage will extend to She is power and has a self destruct button that will take all with her. At that I think it quite likely the warnings of the destruction of by about 2020-21 will probably occur. I believe we are experiencing the End Times battle between the Body of the Body of Our war is not against flesh blood but against the spiritual powers on high. you do see how our nation is being transformed by the installation of leaders in our society who are following the But also our nation is filled with millions of people who are following the One way I see this is to view as the Horse to bring down it is bringing down the Church but it cannot hurt the Head of the so it is making war on the Body of the members one of another. You can today how is being used by our government to destroy the Church in are killing other in Perhaps is right. Its an interesting to be sure. What I will say is that the idea that meaning no pulpits spoke out against homosexual is simply wrong. Many spoke of judgment because of it. But you are certainly right about vipers filling the most pulpits. They are indeed blind. Alas that the Baby now run this a cliff. the homosexual marriage issue how many pulpits came out against this fixated on genitalia while remaining SILENT on war crimes around the world She is the next president of Only God knows who will be the next President. It is important for us to pray to the Lord trust God as we say the Lords prayer in Thy will be done on earth as it is in Heaven. We need our faith more than ever during these days of tribulations. God can do anything he wants. God answers our prayers but we do not understand how he answers do Oz Steamer She looks likely to be the LAST President of the United States. Jerry C Why would collapse the economy on one of their My gut says they want a white conservative male at the helm to blame it so Trump is the man of the hour. Next feast on Gods timetable is Feast of Trumpets last Trump believers are watching I think not. I will not be voting because the next has already been selected. with a satanic grin on her disgusting face will be taking our and sending us to camps. I have No doubt that these are the End God bless Vote for a third party candidate. If you do not your voice will be dissolved in the remainders who will vote. check your list of candidates. Why you vote for who is not corrupt like the career Looks like she been selected to be the next president. Now just figure out how to get rid of Trump. I suspect as a last resort the election will be thrown to her in Its just like we are living in an country. The is a third world country since 2007. Creepy Since 1913. guest I heard all sorts of platitudes about what an law and order guy is. There was going to be a revolt in the Hes just another flunky political appointee who caved in like a house of cards. Judges have never accepted Ignorance of the law as a valid defense if your a plumber or a pizza cook but if your a lawyer and Secretary of State its acceptable. My mailman could have told me that server and private email account were illegal and erasing those 30,000 or so emails was destroying evidence and obstructing justice. The Lynch and have utterly disgraced the system and themselves. guest And Lynch for Attorney General and for Now lets can we get for Ambassador to Bill G If it Is Gods Will Trump Will Be The Next For Our the Safety Of Trump. Gods Ways are Higher Than Our Ways and Gods Thoughts Are Higher Than Our Thoughts. Shalom Randy its because this god is on duty that the Pope rides around in a box made of bullet proof If there was any man or woman who you would think of as having some kind of Divine it would be this gods right hand Mark The pope is the head of the Roman Catholic Church. is the head of the true Church. They have little more in common than the word Church. And are relics of the first cult of humanity which sex. Mark God has written a psalm just for you and all who believe as you do. Read Psalm 2 in the the true Words of God. One day God will laugh at you and deride you. Exercise your free will wisely. Bill G At the Right Hand of God Sits The Pope is the head of a Religious Organization called The Roman Catholic Church. pope is not Gods right hand man. is His right hand man. Duh. Randy well its not much of a god who would let His only begotten Son be tortured to death then. No Ill take a pass on that one there. And a REAL God would have infinite love and compassion for His inferior Creations along with complete so to laugh at and deride us would not be in keeping with the attributes of a REAL god. Just a fake one. But that kind of logical reasoning makes the head of a freak explode if they think too long on it. Guest To vote for the lesser of 2 evils is still a vote for there is no god Check out what did to Martin More of the same. The oligarchic elites that rule the US use the law to keep us in line while they laugh all the way to the bank. none A postal worker could lose his for saying something like that. This makes me want to throw this is no longer a bunch of baby murdering bloodsuckers. Poverty kills much more people than abortion. I wish Republicans had a brain equally matching their conscious. I guess I seen the number that over 60 million children had died from poverty in the US. Kindly provide a link and Ill check it out. Bill G While in Poverty you do not have your Arms and Legs Ripped At A Time. Idiots such as are COMPLETELY soulless. is this not the same that stopped investigating the The had no time to follow They did not want to infringe on constitutional rights because forbids us to discriminate against got a job at a security company so he could protect us. Dad was preaching what followed. Dad works for the The was forbidden to bother no matter what he threatened. The does not even know to investigate dad. What about the MOSQUE where The is super good in covering Randy GREAT post Except that was a completely contrived just like Sandy Hoax. WHERE were the ambulances to carry off the dead Where was all of the Did everybody who was shot at either place just happen to leave all their blood at home that The temps in on 2012 were 30.6 for the low and 49.3 for the yet not one wisp of breath fog from ANYBODY How is that Check The Old Farmers Almanac for the weather reports on the 14th and 15th. how can they cover up so much with so little outrage from them in Randy Quite Since the media is in bed with the corrupted legal system and political they just ignore the they report on therefore very few ever hear about Someone forgot to check the records to see what the weather would possibly be like on and thats how that very important clue got left out of the narrative when the hoax was You see anyone being asked on Tee why there was no snow on the ground or breath fog from the people because the media want to have questions like that being You have NO Enjoy it.. ya have to give YOURSELF an its time to retire your flower It helps keep the discussion orderly. so I LIKE the Limelight. Working here guest Does anyone remember what president demanded the resignation of every in the country and made them all reapply for their jobs so he could hire whomever he wanted and get rid of the ones he Ill give you all one guess. aka Bush II. . Guess only a could answer this one. guest Bush fired Attorneys and caused a firestorm in the establishment media. fired ALL 93 U. S. Attorneys. At least I knew Bush did forgot about Damn selectiveness of guest I forgot to mention we were betting a six pack of guest The probably thought deserved a break because she was a woman of color like Warren max You are absolutely right if the spineless population picks this evil woman to be our next president then we will certainly deserve whatever consequences follow. Our greatest hope is to vote for Trump. I believe God is using It is a sign by the overwhelming opposition against him by both Democrats Republicans. Look at Republican as House Majority he has no trouble understanding or But he cant understand say I know where is coming from. Trump is exposing how we are already ruled by a ONE PARTY that chooses who will be President. This time Trump is confounding their agenda. Trump is revealing how they are all lying to us of course they all really support or a 3rd party candidate. they the ones who say Anyone but Look at the bright even though it is just a dying ember of this brings the chosen one to the final phase of taking her pedestal of satanic hierarchy in and will eliminate the need for martial law in order to stave off the trump charge. I still believe we will see bank failures and an economic collapse whereby she will pull the exact same stunts as to filter off I think it will stabilize after the haircut to the upper middle class wealth. The con game continues at a much more rapid and rabid pace. If there was ever a situation that demanded a special this was it. How could the joke get a special prosecutor and not this obvious case of criminal wrong Of the criminal wrong doing and was no way would have sanctioned a special prosecutor. will go down in history when officially became a banana and Ms will be crowned El in 2017. is the most corrupt politician in my lifetime. She needs to go to jail. . Or hunt her down like the leader and give her the treatment In my time it was the verdict. You conservatives are a funny bunch. Your answer to everything is to cut have a smaller and the World will be a better place. But if you ever return to reality based look at the recent years between and In they raised taxes and increased minimum wage and now they have a budget surplus. In implemented traditional Republican policies. The rich got huge tax breaks. And their pockets are bulging. And now the state is bankrupt. Nice job Republicans. Jerry C and a Quoting Bill liberal leftists garbage rags for news make it reality. More businesses and people are moving out as fast as they can. Who wants to work when being taxed to Only the workers. You. Are. Clueless. faith Its going from bad to worse if she wins. But lose heart or the faith. Pray against the wickedness in high places using the weapons from word. If she gets in keep praying if not keep praying. The bible says to pray without ceasing. Its only a God can do so much in a millisecond to make a change. We even know what tomorrow will be like we are only here for a moment like a mist. is only a vapor to God. She can be evaporated like nothing. I always thought was a I cant believe shes a like you are saying. Son of a How did you come to that By what she says or what she obviously she cannot be a servant of God. The head of the is a
Archives Latest Video What Is Causing The Strange Noises In The Sky That Are Being Heard All Over The By on March 2012 During the second half of a lot of people all over the planet started reporting hearing really strange noises coming from the sky. In some instances the noises produced a loud rumbling such as a a thunderstorm or the slamming of a heavy door would make. In other the noises sounded more like groaning. In yet other instances the noises sounded almost as if a trumpet was playing. Dozens of videos went up on purporting to document this but the truth is that you can fake almost anything on a video and many dismissed these strange strange sounds as an hoax. now entire towns in the northern part of the United States are hearing strange noises in the sky and the mainstream media is reporting on it. In one town is planning to spend thousands of dollars to hire an engineering firm to investigate where these strange sounds are coming from. At this point a lot of theories about these strange noises are being but so far scientists have not been able to give us a definitive explanation for the source of these strange noises. So exactly what in the world is going This phenomenon made national news again this week because of what has been going on in Hundreds of residents of reported hearing incredibly loud noises coming from the sky for several nights in a row. Even News is reporting on what is happening in Since the residents have been disturbed by booming noises loud enough to wake them from their sleep. Last hundreds of people attended a public meeting to get to the bottom of booms. But they any closer to the truth. One resident told The last few days been having booming shaking noise. Another resident a lot of people the house is you can feel the ground and its booming all the time. Its kind of whats going You know whats happening. So what is causing these noises that are so loud that even the ground is According to Fox News the town has investigated every possible explanation that they can think of for these strange City officials say they have investigated every possible human cause. They checked sewer and gas contacted the military about any exercises in the reviewed permits for mining explosives and inspected a dam next to City Hall. They even tested methane levels at the landfill in case the gas was spontaneously exploding. So far no explanation has been found. So has decided to spend to hire an engineering firm to investigate the cause of these strange noises. According to the town does not sit on any fault lines and the ground beneath the town is very solid. Some geologists are claiming that could have been but others find this explanation to be very unsatisfying. For many town solving the mystery is not as important as getting these strange noises to stop so that they can get some sleep. The following comes from the recent Fox News article mentioned My husband thought it was but I think so. This is not a said Van who awoke early to a loud boom that shook her house. I know what it but I just want it to stop. But is not the only town in where strange sounds are being reported. Mysterious noises are also being reported in a town called which is 80 miles away from Posted below is a local news report that discusses the strange noises that are being reported in and These strange sounds have made the mainstream news up in as well. strange noises caused such a violent shaking that they actually brought down a barn on Island in Geologists say that no earthquake occurred at the time that the barn collapsed. So what caused the barn to That is a very good question. And this is not just a North phenomenon. If you go on to and you do a search for strange sounds or strange noises you will find dozens of videos from all over the world. there are definitely a few videos that appear to be but is that true with all of The evidence for this phenomenon is mounting and it is getting really hard to deny that there really are large numbers people all over the globe that swear that they are hearing really strange sounds coming from the sky. So exactly what in the world is going there are a lot of theories floating around on the The following are some of the most prominent theories about what is causing these strange electromagnetic rock venting of gas that has been trapped meteor or directed energy and some believe that all of this is just a giant publicity stunt. Perhaps the biggest reason why these strange noises have so many people alarmed is because humans generally have a great fear of the unknown. If the cause of these strange noises is the hysteria will die down. But if these strange noises continue even become more and there continues to be no scientific explanation for then the hysteria may turn into panic. What is clear is that our planet is becoming increasingly unstable. As I have documented earthquakes are becoming more frequent and more powerful. The Ring of Fire is becoming a lot more active and we have been seeing a disturbing amount of volcanic activity lately. So could earth changes have anything to do with these strange We just know at this point. Most of the time when I write an article I like to have some answers. But I do not know what is causing these strange sounds. So what do you think about these strange Do you believe that you know why they are Have you heard strange sounds coming from the sky where you Please feel free to share your thoughts by leaving a comment It is necessary to determine the origin of these natural or artificial. I think these sounds are for nature as it is not natural. But I admit that I could be wrong. I doubt that some of the videos are however I heard one from I think where amidst the groaning there was a piece of music played backward for a couple seconds. I sampled the played it backward in and it sounded like a short percussion piece. Hard to take that one which causes doubt to be cast on others of like style. not writing it all off just yet. The destruction of in AD 70 is an example of the destruction of the world at the end of see 24 and the book The Great Controversy. Here is a paragraph from the book Great Controversy that tells of signs and wonders before the destruction. Signs and wonders foreboding disaster and doom. In the midst of the night an unnatural light shone over the temple and the altar. Upon the clouds at sunset were pictured chariots and men of war gathering for battle. The priests ministering by night in the sanctuary were terrified by mysterious the earth and a multitude of voices were heard Let us depart hence. The great eastern which was so heavy that it could hardly be shut by a score of and which was secured by immense bars of iron fastened deep in the pavement of solid opened at without visible The History of the book 13. Could these sounds that are being heard be part of the signs and wonders before the Mike You have no idea how unstable the earth really Humanity is going to have a call one day that is going to make the movie 2012 look simplistic and relatively uneventful in comparison. The problem stems from the release of heat as rock falls through the volume of the rock decreases as it and at the same time it releases enough heat energy to melt many times its original volume some suggest enough heat to melt the original volume. should gasp about Up to the present we have enjoyed relative a sort of sliding but that is changing at an increasingly rapid exponential rate which can be quantified by examining the increasing rate of Great earthquakes over the last 100 years which is startling to say the least. Some parts of the crust will be affected more than but all will feel the pain. The worst economic collapse ever will be remembered as the good old days in comparison to the stage of this process. The recognition of this process gives new meaning to the There will be and earthquakes in various places. The noises and noted in the article probably do not have anything to do with this but there is coming a day when all who dwell on the earth will fear for the things they see and experience coming upon the earth. the most important preparation one can make is to prepare to meet God. For some it will be a time of exceeding For the rest it will be the time of and eternal torment and regret. Send me an and I will get you more information about this topic. God bless and protect you all. Mike how do we contact Or can you point us to the source of your Mike Hi The easiest way is to call and order a copy of a recent lecture given at Calvary Chapel Mesa at the Creation Science Investigation conference on 20120218. They are not a lot of money. The particular lecture covering this topic Earthquakes Lea This one was a real I knew about the exponential increase in great but the magma details and the Pacific Ocean were new to me. Another great presentation given at the same conference was by John Genetic Entropy John This one is about how the human gene pool is at an astounding rate of conservatively 100-200 mutations per generation plus transcription errors in every cell division and what is the significance of these two factors. It does not paint a pretty picture. The bottom line is that we have no hope in this present All that we take for granted and hold dear will perish. We need to have our hope firmly rooted on the Rock of who will regenerate our bodies and renew our minds and make a new heaven and earth in which righteousness will dwell. God bless and protect you and your family. Mike Ken West yes I would like to read more about this subject. Would appreciate what info. you have. Thanks Hollow earth theory coming alive. Underground civilizations in which all of our gold and other are transfered to are having underground wars that are heating similar to the quakes on the east coast in to Just saw on Fox news that the mystery was solved. They said it was caused by a minor earthquake. This only applied to the incident. Blustery Day And of course you never change the channel. Fox is not reliable. They tell you what they want you to believe. and that is different from any other news or In of my wife and I were on our way to Lake on highway 88 coming down the mountain toward highway 50 when we suddenly heard within our car a sound so loud that it sounded as if a freight train was right next to our vehicle. This is an area that is pristine. There are no trains around. It was unexplainable. There is still a lot more about our planet that we than what we do know. Just like any arrogant we think we know it mark The only sounds that we hear on our ranch at his time of year are frogs and the creek that runs by our house. Oh we cant forget about the the owls at a car or truck once in a while and sometimes a chain saw. Lets not forget the sound of the wind in the trees or the rain hitting the roof. I guess we have not heard the groans of the earth yet. All the strange sounds are coming from all the echo from Rush in conservatives empty heads. And yet another study showing conservatives to be dumb. Drink and New Study Says Alcohol General Makes People More Conservative Getting drunk is known to cause thoughtless behavior public bar tears in the streets. go ahead and add political conservatism to that list. A new published in the Personality and Social Psychology tested whether thought promotes political and part of the study measured alcohols effects on political positions. Researchers found that the higher the blood alcohol the more conservative the views on and political identification became. Researchers hypothesized that drinking turns people Republican because political conservatism arises in the absence of deliberate thought. People with a lot on their under time or told to respond in a cursory rather than think deeply and use recognition memory an indicator of thought were also more conservative. Together these data suggest that political conservatism may be a process consequence of the study concluded. The less you think more you the more conservative you Cheers to the That sound subjective at you WERE dropped on your head when you were Guy I know about groans of the but I think hearing groans of the right about Drunk In other words DRINK UP and PARTY ON This explains why and other party spots are such bastions of conservatism. Those damn conservatives are having too much fun. Its time for liberals to lighten up an tie one on. I think this is inexplicable. Years in the boat people all reported unusual noises coming from the bay. Theories ran including Soviet until scientists figured out it was the mating call. There are also lots of stories over the years about inexplicable humming in certain towns and areas. Heres an article on the Hum. I know if theres any but it surprise me. Perhaps the region sits on a nice piece of rock that can resonate like a tuning fork when it gets the right signal. Perhaps it is geological have seen a lot of earthquake activity in recent years. Who I watched one of the videos. It reminded me of the gag at the end of Red State where the kids fool the extremist church holdouts with trumpets played over an old fire department horn and convince them its the end of the has been farting. In this is a daily occurrence. The sound happens suddenly without any build up. It is extremely loud like 10 and shakes my walls and windows. Sometimes it suddenly just stops without fading away like a jet normally would. Sometimes it rumbles the sky for minutes at a time. Ill be outside sometimes when it happens and look up in the sky but there is never anything there. Clear skies and no airplanes. I once heard a rumble at around and ran outside to see if I could spot anything. What I saw was in the sky to the southwest. It was about 14 red lights it the formation of a boomerang and you see between them. The space they took up was about the size of a football field. It was traveling very slowly as if it were slowly descending continuing southwest. I have never seen anything like this in my life. It sent a chill down my spine and I called out for my wife. She ran out and started freaking out. I know this sounds crazy but maybe it was just our government playing with there new toys. Clearly Gods and rightfully so. and had nothing on modern man in terms of pure evil. Man has an appointment to whether he likes it or not. John You are about the only one who is closer to the truth than anyone could ever M Maybe its an Single Stage To Orbit spacecraft. Being run by our government making runs to orbit. It would have powerful engines to accelerate to orbit and would leave a long thunderous noise trail. Including sonic that would shake the as it got up to a minimum of several thousand miles an hour. Someone should compare the sounds to a Shuttle launch. Mother Earth is preparing for war against us. Kind God is shaking what can be shaken before His Son returns. Its Mother Earth giving you warning but of course most will say its all a joke. And for its the same as in the And the trumpets shall you are being given a warning of things to come real soon. even the knows they just want you to thats why a new executive order just came into effect 16 Mar 2012 National Resources Preparedness they own everything you have now right down to a chicken in your yard. There is a great video out called 5 reasons why will have the worst riots in the awesome On 23rd I heard the noises the deep and high groaning not the but I was it was not point of origin. When I compared what I heard to the sound of some of the videos my hair stood on end. It was nearly only on a much grander scale. Could be a we are Let no man deceive could be the real deal as well. Only God know and that is enough for He says 365 times in His do not so I have to trust Him. Walk with and He will keep you fearless. I do not say this lightly or with Mother Earth is in pain and we are hearing her sorrow. Please brought forth all life from Earth and she cries out for her children. Could it be the sound of our economy imploding under the feckless administration of Jimmy Carter Some people are talking about a coming magnetic has happened maybe the magnetic field are making those article Sunshine curious on magnetic shifting for possibility. Consider that one of the things said to be saturating the atmosphere through Solar Radiation Management is aluminum particles. as far as I aluminum is NON magnetic. Disrupting the electromagnetic waves of the sunlight could be a factor in climate change since the sun plays a very big part in natural weather patterns. Could interfering with magnetic waves also cause strange why go to this great effort with such great It could cause extreme weather patterns including melting the north pole. the Aurora spy and Biblical end of age In of this year i herd a noise coming out of the sky. I live in the dells and at that time i could a was going to come charging out of the woods at any moment. it was a little unsettling to see videos on that show the same sound all over the world. at first i passed the sound off to be some kind of amplification to the mile away freeway but at 3 am the freeway is not that active. so what the hell is Auroras can cause strange sounds from a but usually they not boom. I would look for evidence of electromagnetic increased ground St. etc. From what read this is not a new phenomenon. Look up Guns. Billy Note to You are indeed an idiot. Ill second Hes a nice but delusional and brainwashed. thoroughly convinced is actually an extreme at portraying to be extremely foolish and misinformed. Thats the only rational Because only in the Northern It is the US gov playing with reversed engineered alien stealth spacecraft. I have also heard my what sounded like a large flying spacecraft right over our heads with NOTHING around but sky. It was NOT a natural as man made. the Gov tells us of what we really should be knowing. How do you know what a large flying spacecraft sounds Its our Founding Fathers turning over in their graves. smith Be Warned.. GOD is giving everyone a chance.. Signs and wonders are to allow people that have doubted in HIM to wake up.. When HE does return it will be to gather the followers of HIS SONS teachings home with that earth will be a living hell.. I would never accuse people of making this up or of creating a hoax for attention. I will suggest looking up Technology The experts have now announced that the noises in are from a swarm of Yeah. Sure they are. Its called the government. Possibly drilling more underground morning I woke up at around hearing some sort of loud pounding noise coming from outside. It was repetitive. Our windows were open because it has been unusually warm for March in the area. So warm in fact that I had my remote control fan on next to my bed that I purchased last summer to help with my middle aged night sweats. I had enough time to wake up and hear the noise above the turn off the fan and still hear it woke my husband up as well. It was not a construction noise. I never did figure out what it was. Did anyone else in the area hear Something I have wondered about for years and never received a valid explanation on is what are the effects of pumping billions of barrels of oil out of the Earth with nothing to replace that internally effect the general mass of our How does that void effect the Earths gravitational points of Think of the old spinning egg science experiment. When the internal properties of an egg are altered vs. it has a direct effect on how it reacts to spinning it on a hard surface. Could this may be happening on a global Any feedback would be appreciated. FINALLY SOMEONE IS ASKING THE RIGHT onto something MASSIVE The other night I had difficulty sleeping. I can always hear the although it varies in but I just ignore it. This time it was accompanied by an occasional groaning sound. It very loud and I know it a vehicle driving by or an airplane because it increase and diminish. Just a few seconds of a low then five to 10 seconds later it repeated about five or six times. The next day I read about the noises in My guess is that it has something to do with military perhaps some sort of sound wave experiment. This much is not The government is ALWAYS engaged in experimentation of all mind they have no ethical qualms about testing this crap on human populations. is all in the new MAYDAY IN I figured out what the noises and are over who gets to kick the beasts ass. Sounds are the results of vibrations. And vibrations can be a result from many different events. Such as space which are the magnetic field lines which do compasses our earth and out into space. When we a solar flare from the these magnetic field lines are push or and when two of these magnetic field lines touch each other they cause what is called a space quake. A space quake is a loud vibrating sound which is from the and can be felt through the and can even rattle your house. Another thing which can influence as well our earth is a heavy object such as a dwarf or planet or even a comet. These will either pull or push our orbital or even the earth to real to and fro like a Even the earths core could be heating just like the rest of the planets in our solar system due to the suns output which has changed so much and is effecting all the planets. A warmer core would cause the increase of rotation of the earth. There is also the fluff in space as well which is effecting the and everything else. There is so many things which we are not but the information is out there for the learning if one wishes to go out and research it. We are blessed to have such a great resource through the In life It is always a cause and effect. you already gave one which is the most likely It is the using for whatever selfish like attempting to subvert countries like to trade between themselves with their own currencies. The did it before and they will do it again. Booming Sounds could this be the Heres an excerpt on what really happened at the time of the Great Deluge It was a cataclysmic. Geologists have recognized that these ridges are fracture lines on the earths crust. They have estimated some 200 million years ago the continents were joined together as one and they have named this A model of the was presented in the Creation Mysteries. Since then broke up as a result of the earths Crust breaking up into or which have since been drifting from each other or drifting towards each other. Thus the are moving at a rate of an inch from and per year. The present separation is about 3,000 miles. The major mountain chains of the world such as the Alps and the were formed by the collision of plates bearing these continental masses against each other. In other areas the collision caused one plate to go under the other as in the case of the Pacific plate moving under western edge of the US continent. This process is still hence the periodic earthquakes in Read more did As it was in the days of so it will be at the coming of the Son of Man. For in the days before the people were eating and marrying and giving in The End will be cataclysmic just as was the Beginning. its sad billions or millions of earthlings have no clue. Its what this is and I would only say the earth magnetic pole shifts and the layers of earth are all being testes and being manipulated by mad scientist. already its sounds mad you cant it or the science of This object is the one and only worlds most dangerous Thats High frequency Atmosphere Program. The who created is the worlds of all centuries. His name is and is the inventor of the electromagnetic transmitter would be later as a top notch weapon. I suggested earlier the noise could be large rock formations underground resonating from earth movements. Beneath and other states in the region is a massive granite formation called the Superior Upland Shield. The US Navy exploits the resonating qualities of the shield to transmit Extreme Low Frequency communications with submerged submarines. broadcasting at about 8 watts. The ELF transmitters are but they can use the planet itself to transmit their signals to subs underwater in any ocean. Perhaps this or some other piece of rock can pick up earth movements and magnify them into those peculiar sounds. One of the ELF antenna arrays is located at Clam which is only 20 miles drive from I have no but the idea is no less plausible than other ideas The Bible says in Romans 8 that all of nature groans waiting for the return of and in 24 that ALL these wars and rumors of a decline in morals I am quite even strange you see ALL these things beginning to happen look up for your redemption too far to get your heart right with God. I keep hearing a lot of really far out and I find them all fascinating. the best answer is sometimes the simplest and most obvious. Has anyone ever tried correlating these strange noises to the increasing solar Recently we have been seeing lots of solar etc and they are definitely affecting the high incidence of Northern Lights in the past year. Some geologists and are saying the sun has not been this magnetically active in over 1000 years. One of the best sites to read about and track this solar activity is . I am trying to find out if anyone has cross referenced the dates of high solar the dates of solar and the areas where the magnetic flares have reached the earth. Josh Everyone bringing religion into this is dumb. Truthfully a but seriously science proves more than a bible can prove thats fact. You people say the world lend and it why because all you have is a book you up. Thats incredibly outdated. Time to stop in and start in facts. Before you call other contributors here it might behoove you to learn how to and how to string a few cogent words together its called using grammar to communicate. Too bad its no longer taught in the government and your pathetic attempt at communication are one of this sad fact.. Whats dumb is calling theories that have become dogmas through nothing more than repetition proofs or facts. painted into a corner by its cant even explain such things as why is salty ratio on this planet of sodium to chlorine allow the oceans current or why iron was always on the surface of the the Bronze Age the Iron why the worlds highest mountains are the and are their sea sediment. Science gets together and VOTES on what the facts is full of hubris but short on the which it periodically changes and changes again. Physics is not a and is NOT the benchmark of fact or truth. Max I live in and the local news reports had residents claiming the booms came from the not the sky. why do these tremors occur mostly at We had a massive blitz last and then again late we could which was very unsettling. So the idea of a sound weapon makes sense somewhat I think the government is messing with us for not rolling over on the
interview with John 2016 liberal who look down on the discontented working class and put up a presidential candidate representing a failed set the stage for Trumps journalist John tells J J Despite Trumps long history of stiffing dodging taxes and abusing he will become the 45th President of the United a remarkable turn of events that has a lot of liberals and Democrats scratching their heads and wondering how he could have beaten the powerful machine. One person who was not surprised was journalist and filmmaker John who was born in and now is based in has reported from all over the covering numerous notably When he was in his he became the youngest journalist to receive highest award for Journalist of the which he won twice. He also has an and his most recent book is Hidden Agendas and the New Rulers of the World . going to ask you later on about the new which very excited about. But lets begin with victory over by Trump. Were you What do you think was at the core of the Trump Journalist John John You I surprised. undoubtedly helped this. I surprised. I think quite surprised by how decisive his victory is. But I must say I felt rather and I think we probably expended enough anger on Trump. no provide us with plenty of material coming up. But I think its time for liberal to look in the mirror. Who created Who created this disastrous In my opinion the enablers of all of this was the liberal in the United States. The liberal class has refused to in its the huge disaffection and discontent among ordinary people. And painting them in such broad strokes has what did call and Thats really disgraceful. thats my father. You was an extremely dangerous prospect. Dangerous because she represented a war rapacious status quo. The status quo would altered slightly under her. Its my in I believe that she might have provoked a very major with and with We know what Trump will do. We have to putting aside all the parodies and the we have to now be thinking in terms of practicalities. Hes running the show. What will he But I think before we do we have to reflect on all the myths. I heard a professor on the on the very before the count talk about the hard left in the Democratic and how she would have to embrace the idea of Sanders and what he stood for. You this kind of and misrepresentation has been everywhere. The and speaking of produced probably the most unfettered propaganda I can remember at any time. In my this has been the worst. There was no serious to analyze and examine either candidate and what they stood for. Trump was dismissed as a with all the salacious stuff around undoubtedly some of it and all of that. But he was a serious he was never and thats why theres a great and a great shock. its something that liberal has to start coming to terms with itself. We had presented seriously as a candidate of hope and real change. He was nothing of the kind. He was in fact a warmonger. Hes got four wars going at once. He conducted an international terrorist campaign using drones. He has prosecuted more than any president in history. you when you think of Trumps disgraceful remarks about throwing people out of the and building a who is the The liberal He has deported more people than any other president. Immigration and Customs Enforcement officers arresting suspects during a raid in 2010. Courtesy of all of these facts have been lost and they represent a real crisis for the opposition in the United the broad opposition. great achievement was that he killed off the because from the thought that was some kind of genuine inspirational instead of the warmonger that he is. I think theres a lot of these people are going to be listening to your they need to hear this. Say that there is a real opposition to Trump and what hes going to do. We know what hes going to but also an understanding of his the majority of eligible to vote voted for him. Thats a fact that has to be come to terms we have to come to terms with. You know I John you know thinking about all the things accused by Trump you supporting Bill attacks on and molestations. not really interested in at this because what interested in is how she sustained Bill war policy. You remember You remember how Bill sowed his oats in his first days of his presidency by killing this leading artist of the Middle East who welcomed women into the art an unusual situation. It happened in the context of giving her famous speech in about women. But she never mentioned She never apologized to the family. daughter was in that attack. She was getting getting medical treatment near where the would go visit And she never said a word. more on thats a very good and rather notorious example. war making is on the her and she was the lead destroyer of a modern And as a result of that she on she gloated about the gruesome murder of that destruction some 40,000 people died. she was responsible for the coup against the democratically elected government. They call her there the yeah. And the idea that among certain liberal people that she represented some kind of honorable alternative to the verbose and unpredictable Trump is so absurd. I I think all this is important because there will not be an there wont be an opposition to and there wont be an opposition to the great national security machine that really runs the United States. I hes but that establishment going anywhere. he will bring in his own establishment. Hes talking about defense secretary. Who is Senator a Republican of And national security advisors will have a hawkish General and Representative Hunter of there. So all this is unknown. The point there was very little between Trump and And what really distracted diverted from understanding this was what is unfortunately because there has to be a better identity politics. was said to represent an advance for women. Shes anything but. Shes a diametric opposite of that. the Democrats were meant to be an advance for people of color. it was the two Bill and in the who devised the welfare reforms that most political now agree was the trigger for sending so many into the gulag that is prison system. So these have to be confronted because an opposition is going to be needed. At the there in my opinion. There was never an opposition to a violent who seduced the media. Its interesting that the more unpopular or that Trump was with the and all of them were against all of bar some and others. But most media was against him. I think that helped to give him support. The media is held in such low regard by ordinary people. The elites are held in such low regard by ordinary people. This is a class issue. There was a class issue running right through this campaign. And that has to be understood. that word class does not come up in the United States. Were the upwardly mobile society. Everybody can make it. it But it you thats what I mean by identity politics. Gender and race are separated from class. And its not who you or what the color of your skin sometimes it perhaps often it but in the final analysis its the power you serve. And thats class. And until the resistance to an intelligent understanding of that is swept people are going to be mired in the distractions of identity politics. Where they feel any to find out. To find out about how the rest of how the rest of their compatriots in the United States live and what their problems are. Its all about me. And until that is understood and and real feminism not the kind represented by real to take one major then the Trumps will triumph. Former Secretary of State speaking at Planned Parenthood Action Fund membership event at the on 2016. by Real What do you mean by that real I mean feminism that is part of class. The feminism that understands that its not just simply the privileges of bourgeois women. Thats it not simply the privileges of the readers of the New and the Guardian in this country. It is the rights of women everywhere. It is the right of women to in places like but are bombed by I think it was actually the New Times source for this but one extraordinary statistic I read not long there were 700,000 widows created since 2003. The last 13 years in Now until those proclaiming themselves as feminists but keeping their feminism very very and saying that a woman should be in the White House even if shes I would suggest they consider that fact. Those women have a right too. And those deaths were caused by policies. all saying is that the single issues have to stop being single issues. Feminism should be part of all the time. Because its poor women who suffer most. And a lot of the people who voted for Trump were those women. I read is it of white women voted for Something like yeah. that has to be understood. Those women have rights too. In a little I want to talk more about the press. going to do that with you in the context of Sessions. Lets talk specifically about one huge foreign policy issue. How do you were you able to understand the difference between and You we know that the machine played Trump as a dupe of in the sabotaged the thats what most people who were supporting probably now feel that would have won if the subvert. But the actual what do you understand about If they believe then they suffer Ill be terminal I really want to say that they are stupid. Because its really stupid to believe that. And its been proven to be that it was all down to the I for Gods what nonsense. You Those projected by the should be immediately. We have to learn to and reject these propaganda messages that come out. But that one is a particularly obvious one. How could people believe such I find quite depressing. And heard it from people. How could they believe such That the were actually on the side of he was in league with and all of that nonsense. What reported was there was a strand running through a lot of Trumps speeches that sounded to me like a kind of what they used to call isolationist politics. Were going to deal with our people at were not going to spend the treasure on and especially in going to war with countries. I for those of us living outside the United who are not thats encouraging. I always find it remarkable that got to this stage in life and that I and that survived foreign policy. was a very dangerous prospect. Trump may be a dangerous prospect too. We know. Will he do as he as he said in his victory We will have we will not have conflict with other and all that. That could be just rhetoric. Trump is so who I think the most important thing is that an opposition is a genuine movement. having been seduced and subverted by and largely by and there has to be a real oppositions in the streets. And it has to be informed. It cant accept these terrible myths. just to bring it to for a she was very strong on a zone. And it did appear that Trump was a little more interested in negotiating. What do you see the dangers of a to was perhaps the most frightening part of what her policy could have been. I know. I he has said contradictory things on the Middle East. Very contradictory. Hes been in one sense. But in hes a thread that has run through Trumps fairly and that is that he wants to do a deal with He want to fight them. Its as we and I read only the other hundreds of thousands of and in massing on the borders of Now what will happen to What will happen to that Thats a very dangerous provocation. will Trump diffuse Will he step I know. Its he has spoken against In for the Republican Convention Platform his people were asked to remove one and that was that would receive renewed shipments of weapons. And they were quite specific about removing that. That was pointed out to me by Professor been very interesting on this at New and taken a lot of criticism for taking or at least analyzing some of the things that Trump has said over you we never know if he meant it. Hes contradicted himself. now were about to find out. laughing a little bit because I think a little bit afraid of the in terms of where this could go. not sure if I would be more frightened if was elected. A lot of people are furious with me for taking this perspective. But as given the you know her hands are full of blood. Sen. Sessions donning one of Trumps Make Great Again caps. its an and often and often a willfully uninformed and ignorant fury that describing. Its a You know were in the age of the of social government by war by media. Its an not to think through. So the fury you I would is almost a willfully ignorant one. Because what are we if were not and what are if were not pointing out that which the as they used to call them in the 19 th disagrees let me sort of put Henry and as hes known inside together in a question about the media. It was very interesting to I mean I have investigated a number of church probably 30 or 40 that took place in when Sessions was the attorney general. Before that he was the attorney prosecuting phony voter fraud. But Sessions is the racist. I was everybody was upset about Duke. hes a frightening former member. But it was Sessions who was the uptown He was one of the he was one of the prosecutors of the same kinds of stuff that continue in terms of undermining people of colors rights to and poor peoples rights to vote in this country. But the they were upset about but they know who Sessions is. they know. that And Sessions is being as I understand as Trumps Defense Secretary. for anything outside the border of is foreign policy. Republican presidential candidate Trump speaking to the conference in on March 2016. Yeah. if thats then how described of its worrying. This is a new entirely new situation. And this is Trump now building a completely presidential establishment. But I do that the old the the the the and all the rest of are going nowhere. They are the establishment. They will remain the establishment. Trump reminded in his acceptance speech that he had something like 200 generals and I suppose there must be a lot of generals and former ones anyway hanging about. But he had 200 of them. had a lot of them because the Pentagon serving generals and admirals came out and demanded that Trump be beaten. Just as the demanded that Trump be beaten. And the State Department demanded that Trump be beaten. Hes building his own establishment but the old establishment will remain as powerful as its always been. What will give Trump power is the fact that he has both the houses in including many of his enemies in the Republican Party. And they also demanded that he be beaten. So thats a volatile situation. Indeed it is. What about How do you see this sort of parallel structure that people talk about in terms of the you mentioned it in the beginning of the between the vote and Is this sort of a parallel I think its related. And your first you was I Yes. I surprised that because of I think we are at a stage in contemporary history where people almost feel like a they can see and they are aware of what is but they feel they cant do anything about it. I think thats widespread. And it only apply to working people. I think it in the United of we go back to the issue of class. It certainly does apply to working class but it applies to many in the middle class which has been destroyed by these extreme economic in recent years. thats what happened in I always felt that was a rebellion. It was a rebellion. It was people Were fed up with these arrogant taking away our basic ignoring not hearing us. And I think many it was of by the liberal class in as the result of a possibility of increased immigration. that was part of it. But it it was only part of it. by It was about impoverished people losing the very underpinning of their security and the security for their families. And thats exactly true in the United States. You go to places like in those ravaged coal where the life I read recently is less than that of that may be right at the end of the spectrum. you it applies to all the states that Trump won. and others. and that applied here in a different but not really. Its its about a rebellion. In the United there is a vacuum on outside the establishment. I would say that both and Trump were extreme Thats how I would describe them. it was a riveting I guess you could when I think it was in a debate with as one of her key Henry Yeah. That was pretty you know as someone who should have been prosecuted a long time has been wrong on practically everything not surprised. She is extreme Trump is extreme Populist And were still to find out what that means. But my point that even in the in the social democratic in the going way Democratic Party space which now Democratic Party as far as a reforming party is long gone. But that exist. The United States has never had a Labor Party. got a Labor got a Labor Party but thats been corrupted by our very although rather different in Tony And all the others. Thats been corrupted. And in that has given rise to the extraordinary popularity of who never wanted to be leader of the Labor but was really swept up in it by a popular that came straight from this this this rejection of the political system. The same disaffection and disenchantment is in the United States. But who do people vote Who do people vote In comes trumpeting all the stuff you a rich but I got rich because I knew how to do and you can too. Speaking this populist language. I think Sanders was ever a threat. And really Sanders is a disgrace. You his embrace of was so false to the point where could declare him as an ally. So he was never a threat. He he joined up. That was really and a lot of young people who supported were profoundly troubled. spoken to some of and they are and they show up for even though they had it drummed into their things Even if its just the vote on the Supreme that alone is worth it. The appointment of liberal judges. Yeah. This is grasping for really. And people have got to got to stop being disappointed. got to be stopped being shocked. Stop being surprised. got to understand why something happened. got to inform themselves. And got to be part of a real a real oppositional movement. Nothing less than that will do now. uncomfortably accepting the Peace Prize from Committee Chairman in 2009. House got a new film thats just coming out about to come out. Among other its sort of a document that calls attention to the fact that the United under has been engaged in a and very dangerous nuclear buildup. This is in the context of being Secretary of State. So would you tell us a little bit about what learned about and about the not its about China as a target. At this is truly in the northern there is the biggest buildup of led forces since World War confronting In the there is the biggest buildup of Naval forces confronting China. This was not an issue. This was not an issue. It is truly something in the election campaign that we just had. And you were faced with so much provocation has gone and thats what my film is about. It has to do with the But the nuclear issue has returned. Under nuclear warhead construction and spending increased massively. It increased in spite of pledge in 2009 to help get rid of nuclear weapons. The opposite happened. Theres something like a trillion dollars has been earmarked to be spent on nuclear weapons development in the coming years. the whole nuclear issue is so its so urgent because of these provocations against against both of them nuclear armed powers. China has reportedly changed its nuclear weapons policies to first as a direct consequence of this pressure from the United States. Now what will happen to Thats such an important because war and peace really should be at the top. If a kind of apocalyptic war broke out then all other issues are irrelevant. We see this in the Pacific how dangerous this is getting. because of idiotic all attention is on this maniac in North that we have to do something about. But I think the point here is that got when it comes to nuclear and got a maniac in the White House. thats it. And theres always been a maniac in the White afraid. And thats why I said recently I am always grateful that still that I found myself witnessing my own demise in some nuclear that was the result of foreign policy. Our understanding of the I think North is a to frankly. What North wants is a peace. They want a peace treaty with the South. They want a peace treaty with the United States. They almost had it a while ago. Thats what they want. And I think a threat. But exploited. With their recent test I think a nuclear the has or is about to employ these missile defense system. These are very aggressive. They got the word defense in there but very aggressive. A Terminal High Altitude Area Defense interceptor is launched during a successful intercept test by the US 2013. And meant to be at China. aimed at China. not aimed at North well maybe in the North But North is as an oppositions of power. aimed at China. And China is being told is from that to you the threat against China is that you control North or well let you have some of their but all aimed at China. And when I was in theres no 400 500 miles from that in the 132 bases on the they were all aimed at China. Now that is a provocative situation. Will Trump dismantle Or will he appease Or will he use These are the questions. These are big questions. And this may seem a little bit silly but I think it makes a lot of sense. In the midst of everybody talking about the crazy person in the we learn that the current the daughter of the late and bitter dictator of South has one of her key advisors has been a seer. That shes been taking advice from somebody who has been essentially sort of a if you a crystal ball reader who has the attention of the president. And so we find out that policy coming out of our allies in the with this huge massive military operation happening in and other places. Shes taking people made fun of well not surprised. I South is a colony. Its not an ally. Its an colony. But its a colony as a lot of can cause you a lot of trouble. The found that with And its got potential for trouble. It you it it has some very extreme people and they could start a war. But it is a colony. It has thirty odd thousand bases all over it. And as you it has the South have built this new naval base on with facilities for nuclear and Aegis missile destroyers and all the rest of it. these places are almost in a war waiting to or in a war that is being beckoned. During the old Cold I think were in the second Cold War the old Cold there were red at you there were spheres of influence. And you might probe but you really cross the red lines marked down by the Soviet were mostly in to protect of course. And the although they supported liberation movements in the developing did not confront the there. So there were these red lines. There are no red lines now. Thats the difference. Its much more in my opinion. you its interesting on my way out to North at Standing and where we see the Indigenous communities of North trying to once again warn the of the United States how dangerous it is to be destroying the the water not to mention destroying sacred burial grounds. We got Bull coming in the sense that got an heavily armed brutally going after people who are resisting with their with their with their beliefs. And the lines are drawn again. And no major candidate mentioned Standing I think. Yeah. Trump is by the way. Hes invested there. None of these pressing issues were mentioned. Thats why its a very strange time. What is going to happen again I I think its time for people to organize. There has to be an an if you opposition. An a movement of the a movement among people having been shamed into silence during the years. People have got to come back now. Its amazing how many smart people can be so stupid. I guess they are well schooled but they have any ability to understand foreign politics. I know. This country is desperate in that regard. How little the politicians know about the rest of the world. Its incredibly troubling. so in one sense its up to in the broader sense of us. Not to believe the myths. Not to accept the not to retreat in our own introspective worlds of me. But collectively to do something. I left all the background on your film. Could you remind us the name of the film and whats the schedule in terms of the and how people can pay Yeah. my new film is called The Coming War on China. And it will be broadcast on the network in which is the biggest television network in It will be broadcast here on the 6th of It will be released around the same time. As we have a distributor in the United and its always difficult but were doing work on that. And it really is about the recurring theme in
It Is Mathematically Impossible To Pay Off All Of Our Debt May 2015 Did you know that if you took every single penny away from everyone in the United States that it still would not be enough to pay off the national the debt of exceeds per and it is getting worse with each passing year. Many believe that if we paid it off a little bit at a time that we could eventually pay it all but as you will see below that going to work either. It has been projected that mandatory federal spending on programs such as Social and plus interest on the national debt will exceed total federal revenue by the year 2025. That is before a single dollar is spent on the homeland paying federal workers or building any roads and bridges. So we going to be paying down our debt any time in the foreseeable future. And of course it just our 18 trillion dollar national debt that we need to be concerned about. are a total of 58 trillion dollars in debt. 35 years that number was sitting at just 4.3 trillion dollars. There is no way in the world that all of that debt can ever be repaid. The only thing that we can hope for now is for this debt bubble to last before it finally explodes. It shocks many people to learn that our debt is far larger than the total amount of money in existence. So lets take a few moments and go through some of the numbers. When most people think of they think of paper money and checking accounts. All of those are contained in one of the most basic measures of money known as . The following definition of comes from A measure of the money supply that includes all physical such as coins and as well as demand checking accounts and Negotiable Order of Withdrawal accounts. measures the most liquid components of the money as it contains cash and assets that can quickly be converted to currency. As you can see from the chart has really grown in recent years thanks to rampant quantitative easing by the Federal Reserve. At the moment it is sitting just shy of 3 trillion So if you gathered up all all paper currency and all money in everyones checking would that even make much of a dent in our Well have to find more money to grab. is a broader definition of money than because it includes more things. The following definition of comes from As you can see from the chart is sitting just short of 12 trillion dollars right That is a lot more but it still pay off our national much less our total debt of 58 trillion dollars. So is there anything else that we could the broadest definition of money that is commonly used is . The following definition of comes from A measure of money supply that includes as well as large time institutional money market repurchase agreements and other larger liquid assets. The measurement includes assets that are less liquid than other components of the money and are more closely related to the finances of larger financial institutions and corporations than to those of businesses and individuals. These types of assets are referred to as near money. The Federal Reserve no longer provides charts for but according to John of is currently sitting somewhere in the neighborhood of 17 trillion dollars. So even with the broadest possible definition of we simply cannot come up with enough to pay off the debt of much less the rest of our debts. That is not good news at all. could we just start spending less than we bring in and start paying down the national debt a little bit at a Perhaps that may have been true at one but now we are really up against a wall. Our rapidly aging population is going to put an enormous amount of stress on our national finances in the years ahead. According to Representative Frank Wolf interest on the national debt plus mandatory spending on programs such as Social and will surpass the total amount of federal revenue by the year 2025. That is before a single penny is spent on homeland national paying federal etc. But even now things are a giant mess. We are told that deficits are under but that is a massive hoax that is based on accounting gimmicks. During fiscal year the national debt increased by more than a trillion dollars . That is not under control that is a raging national crisis. Many believe that that we could improve the situation by raising taxes. And a little bit more could probably be squeezed out of but the impact on government finances would be negligible. Since the end of World War the amount of tax revenue taken in by has fluctuated in a range between 15 and 20 percent of no matter what tax rates have been. I believe that it is possible to get up into the low but that would also be very damaging to our economy and the public would probably throw a huge temper tantrum. The real of is our out of control spending. During the past two spending by has grown 63 percent more rapidly than and mandatory spending on programs such as Social and has actually doubled after you adjust for inflation. We simply cannot afford to keep spending money like this. And then there is the matter of interest on the national debt. For the the rest of the world is lending us gigantic mountains of money at ridiculously low interest rates. if the average rate of interest on government debt was just to return to the we would be spending more than a trillion dollars a year just in interest on the national debt. So the best possible environment for paying down our debt that we are ever going to see is happening right now. The only place that interest rates on government debt have to go is and our population is going to just keep getting older and more dependent on government programs. our overall debt continues to spiral out of control as well. According to the total amount of debt that owe has reached a staggering 58.7 trillion As the nation entered the there was comparatively little about trillion. That was only about 1.5 times the size of gross Then a funny thing happened. The gap began to widen during the and then became basically parabolic through the and into the early part of the 21st century. Though debt took a brief decline in 2009 as the country limped its way out of the financial it has climbed again and is at 3.3 times the size of and about 13 times what it was in according to data from the Federal Reserves St. branch. total debt measure is not to be confused with the trillion national which is 102 percent of and is a subset of the total As I discussed there enough money in our entire system to even pay off a significant chunk of that debt. So what happens when the total amount of debt in a society vastly exceeds the total amount of Is there any way out other than You can share what you think by posting a comment Says That It Will Default On And Warns Of A Deposit Freeze we are a run away freight train gaining speed before we get to Dead Mans Curve. This is not going to end well. As this is another great article. Thank you for the kind words You know other countries owe us money too This is a very biased article. Not my problem and I care how much money our government racks up in debt. After all what can we the people do about Nothing. Absolutely nothing. This problem will never end and the debt will only grow larger and larger. All governments all over the world are the same way. State and local too. If the majority of people started doing the underhanded things that the elites do I can guarantee you that the scales would tip back in our favor not theirs. They did a study on the human brain and it showed that the more money a person has the greedier and self centered they became. it to read the article. probably heard that power corrupts. I read in a psychology book an idea called the metamorphic effect of power. The idea is whenever someone successfully influences another person it changes the psyche. We the develops a contempt for the person they perceive they have power over. The greater the power the more contempt. Eventually the thinks the people under their influence as being insects who can be killed or squashed without any moral consequence. just described He described EVERY politician perfectly. Trump would take it to a much higher level. none Thank God President has been taking his dollar vacations. At taxpayer expense. It will not cost the taxpayers Since they cannot pay it back. And with all the money that he has and will make from his investments in the stock market. Along with his pension and other investments he should end up doing very well. Not only that but we the people also fund the generous pension and health insurance plan that congress choose for themselves. Heck even in congress if you get convicted of a crime you never lose your pension or health benefits. It will not cost the taxpayers Since they cannot pay it back. you need an since you obviously know the difference between a clause and a sentence. That there will be payment in the form of a longer depression. you stated all what can we the people do about Nothing. Absolutely Governments do as they as long as the mass of the people let it be. As long as the people do not have the will and the courage to demand the change they want. people are kept under control by using various means to divide and distract them. The major Media Networks and the Educational system are the two main arm the Ruling Class use to control the masses. where the arm then the violent arm the Army and is used accordingly. So it takes UNITY and a lot of COURAGE for the masses to have the change we and we CAN do but it begins with having the WILL to do what we wish to do.. forget the corporate toxic food chain which leads to the mass addiction to mafia given the epidemic that fuels medical IS connected to dummy down the masses. Your second paragraph says it all. You care how much debt your government racks its you and the rest of the citizenry who the world will look to for repayment. The world honors the request for more credit no. at because of the US governments ability to tax its peoples. Keeping your head in the sand wont save you. This is why the politicians have no plan to do deal with the national it cannot be fixed. They already know what you so well explain. The economies of the world depend on more debt through fractional reserve banking and treasury bond purchases to create more money to pay the interest and keep from sliding into a depression. This will not end with a fiscal policy. There is no brake on this rig. I recently had a dream where I was driving a car on which the brakes did not work. Very frustrating. I have no but perhaps it speaks to the sense of being carried along with little recourse other than to just keep the car in the middle of the road and try not to hit anything or anyone. I think a lot of us feel like that in we have no we cant get off the roller and one way or the other were all in this together. Politicians are not in the drivers seat. It is certain that of them do not understand money policy and central bank politics. It is the central banks that drive the developments Only 4.3 trillion before and printing money. When disaster strikes most stick together and help each other. My hope is when the time comes we rise above our petty partisan politics and unite as one people with one country under God. We the People in Order to form a more perfect establish insure domestic provide for the common promote the general and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United States of Are we really going to let a small group of sadist bankers destroy this once great The path is set by the although agreeably the Bank of Japan was the first to introduce central bankers look to be followers. sadists are just as bad as the sadists. Yep Just look around you and you will answer your own question. The people stood by and let it happen. Their is no self preservation anymore. It was lost years ago when the people knew that the government would take care of us. forget to include the tribal 5th column that owns the country. Mike Whose the tribal 5th Are you playing coy or just being sure someone will enlighten you. a group of sadist bankers you put are only a symptom of a much wider and more fundamental cause of the issues facing the The main root cause of the worsening socioeconomic issues in the the is the Capitalist system itself which has became is at a dead end and is NOT able to generate recovery by economic means alone . The Capitalist system became decadent as it reached a level of general . With it became harder and harder for the Capitalist to sell their for even what the Capitalist consider a reasonable profit. the reason the Capitalists engage more and more in Share Buyback ARTIFICIALLY raise the value of a invest in financial derivatives and other exotic financial instruments even lend money to people that are not credit worthy and with many of these investments having little or not relations to the real There is NO going back to the good days of the or going back to market Capitalism because Capitalist already passed its progressive stage and is now at a dead end. The real solution can only be with a fundamental change away from Capitalism as no amount of reforms could ever fix Capitalist This has been an economic system built upon debt since the creation of the Federal Reserve. It would have been easily known beforehand that this would burst and cause chaos. Why has it been allowed for so Insane. Bill Same reason we have an in the White House. We the do not have the fortunes needed in order to run for an office that would allow us to make a difference. Voting is too manipulated to make a difference. Robots are the future of who require daily feeding. This country is now officially in the toilet. Will the last person to please turn off the bathroom light. Just have the attendant do it as you flip him your last We have long passed the point at which repayment of debt could have been possible. Maybe it was never possible. I have heard that there is always more debt in the system than money to repay it. That is the nature of the fractional reserve system. Central banks world wide have decided 2009 not to bother about racking up debt. They are printing money and providing it to financial institutions as needed. We have now two different circulation systems. One is the old system. It comprises of individuals and corporations. The traditional debt limits apply. Bankruptcy and insolvency are possible. Than we have the newly created second circulation system. It comprises of central banks and systematically important lenders. These can not bankrupt or become insolvent. They have escaped from the ordinary circulation system and are eternal. facto we are faced now with a two class system. This is the departure from market economy. And it is problematic in many aspects. Some of The change to our system has never been properly explained and is kept as a secret The political bodies never made a decision on this change thus it is illegal and because of its illegality central banks are engaged in criminal Before the law all people should be equal. This principle is violated by the introduction of the principle of eternal economic life and could only be trumped by the introduction of eternal biological life for a limited set of individuals. The question arises if the second circulation system is indeed eternal. There may be limits but I never saw a comprehensive discussion of the topic. I presume it would take a single global currency to avoid a systemic default. But I am not sure. It looks like the can kicking strategy has a very long life. I presume it would take a single global currency to avoid a systemic default. Me too. Every dollar in your Wallet had to be loaned into existence for you to have it represents Debt not Wealth and it belongs to the Banking Cartel. You could take that dollar back to the Club FED to extinguish that but you have to pay the Interest on that Dollar. Where do you get the Money from to pay back the Interest on that the Club FED of Course. And then have to pay the Interest on that as well. By all definitions of a the Club FED is a Scheme where you pay one debt by creating another debt to infinity. This ensures that nobody can never own more than the Banking Cartel. Its an absolute brilliant and its been going on for 100 with one for and another time for Credit Cards to overcome the 45 year limit on Fiat Money. I cant help wanting to thank for adjusting the manner of your prose in recent posts. They have become a joy to read. You seem to have removed all the and annoying repartee. Maybe nobody else appreciates this but I can only express continued appreciation for the New Thank you. you write this nobody Actually is its perfectly possible to pay off the entire debt in less than 5 years. All they need to do is to cut all welfare and military funds and eliminate all tax discounts. But that will never happen. This idea account for paying off PERSONAL debt as opposed to GOVERNMENT debt. as someone already pointed when the first is paid the money it represents therefore a vast amount of the will vanish into thin air leaving only the hard currency which can not be distributed sufficiently throughout the population to effect an further debt payments. In other no matter how you slice were all pretty much in the A thanks to the recklessness of our government and the nobody So a bunch of banks will go under more power to the big you they win. Actually it wont disappear since it has never existed to begin with and it will just be created elsewhere. your hard currency has stopped having any power a long time now its just a bunch of paper and its worth only what the issuing bank says its worth. And gold by itself worth anything since it can be taken from you at the whim of the government. Hard Currency Paper and I referencing buying power either. I was referring to the ACTUAL Please try to keep up. nobody Actually thats a hard currency is a means of payment a currency but it can also be a that is well and widely trusted and used for savings. Also called currency. Please use the correct terms from now on. When folks like yourself start losing the you shift and try to muddy the waters. Nice Considering your previous statement your hard currency has stopped having any power a long time ago in light of your most recent redefinition of hard I guess that means all commodities in my possession are worthless as Last I a pound of iron was still a pound of iron and still possesses the same value. the was what I was referencing. The is the hard currency in circulation. consider commodities as part of the equation. if you choose to redefine make sure you used the same term And do keep up with the conversation. nobody a pound of iron is an that has its own value. a representation of hard its just an index detailing the total amount of money in an economy which includes absolutely even those that exist only as electronic Please try to keep or at least get a basic course at your local free college. It can read judging by the current value of the theres no way it includes everything you claim. you are still forgetting that once debt is ALL the currency it represents real or electronic vanishes. Once the repayment process is the available currency supply continues to diminish eventually leading to a ZERO currency state WITH remaining nobody And you know theres no way because a little told you Lets be is a government decided value and you will never have a say on it. Wrong it it goes into the banks accounts as an which is in turn used to create even more money by lending it at least twice its value. The problem appears when they no longer have legit ways to invest it so they invent things like the derivatives to absorb the surplus of money they have created. Yes you you can claim it will be used to make 1000 knives and sell derivatives on that in excess of on it. For everybody that lump of iron will now be worth and this procedure is entirely legal and legit. Were not talking about honesty remember. Where are those trillion dollar coins they had about two years Mint a couple hundred of them and were good. As long as we refuse to return to the Gold we shall continue to suffer. China understands this implicitly. All they have to do to drop us without firing a shot is to just threaten to tie the Yuan to Gold. Game Over. the interest on our debt to China underwrites their entire Defense Today the bill is the equivalent to the bill of my youth. Now there is serious talk of replacing the visage of the man who saved in the War of on that bill with a Slave. How utterly appropriate. would despise the idea of being on a bank note and especially of the modern day version of the one he destroyed. Fun fact about Only president EVER to retire the national debt. Back when was the president Gold was the somewhat hard to come by and it would be reasonable to assume a national debt. Today the money is and all they have to do is print it. How can a government that can print the money to pay its ever get into what is it borrowing and what does it This whole government debt thing seems kind of fishy to He killed the central bank and said it was his most important accomplishment. Then the bankers crashed the economy and blamed him. You seem to have connected the dots however you are probably very young because Id like to think of the bill as the new bill. Back in 1963 I was I could go to downtown Lost by bus to the and see 3 including milk duds and still have money left over from the 4 silver quarters my mom gave And how appropriate that you noticed being replaced by a slave. greatest quote is that he killed the bank and is one of greatest And to quote The real of is our out of control spending yet we have one of our greatest termites in the form of John and the others who want to increase defense spending because the and primarily the are building up their defense with our money. Insane. I was kind of hoping for a gradual collapse due mainly to money printing and but afraid things are speeding up as the symptoms of impending crisis are being overlooked and exacerbated by our moronic president and Congress. Either they are puppet or part of the conspiracy to destroy our country. is those were the you are right. In my mind todays 20 was yesterdays 5. too many disturbances in the Force. One good shove will do send the boulder crashing down the hill. Pick your scenario. Another terrorist attack. China moving on heaving one into Then it will be look out And still if I pull out a bill and try to pay for more times than not I get to hear that they wont take anything larger than a You cant hardly get lunch or buy a movie ticket for less than bucks and stores still act like that bill is worth something. I could buy more at a grocery store with a bill 25 years ago then I can get today with that Crazy. Money masters know what they are has now been institutionalized at a fairly constant per year. This has been determined to be the optimum level for generating the most revenue without causing public alarm. A devaluation not only to the money earned this but to all that is left over from previous years. At the end of the first a dollar is worth 95 cents. At the end of the second the 95 cents is reduced again by leaving its worth at 90 and so on. By the time a person has worked 20 the government will have confiscated of every dollar he saved over those years. By the time he has worked 45 the hidden tax will be The government will take virtually everything a person saves over a lifetime. G. Griffin By remaining behind the they were able to avoid the brunt of public anger which was at the political figures which they largely controlled. This is a technique which has been practiced by financial manipulators ever and it is fully utilized by those who operate the Federal Reserve System today. G. Griffin abandonment of the gold standard made it possible for the welfare to use the banking system as a means to an unlimited expansion of In the absence of the gold there is no way to protect savings from confiscation through inflation. There is no safe store of value. If there the government would have to make its holdings as was done in the case of The financial policy of the welfare state requires that there be no way for the owners of wealth to protect is the shabby secret of the welfare tirades against gold. Deficit spending is simply a scheme for the hidden confiscation of wealth. Gold stands in the way of this insidious process. It stands as a protector of property in an article he wrote in 1966. And then went over to the dark side and worked for the Fed. By a continuing process of governments can secretly and an important part of the wealth of their citizens. By this they not only but they confiscate while the process impoverishes it actually enriches some. The sight of this arbitrary rearrangement of riches strikes not only at but at confidence in the equity of the existing distribution of wealth. Those to whom the system brings windfalls . . . become who are the object of the hatred of the whom the has impoverished not less than the proletariat. As the inflation proceeds . . . all permanent relations between debtors and which form the ultimate foundation of become so utterly disordered as to be almost meaningless. From pages 220-233 of The Economic Consequences of the Peace by John You probably already know all this. I did. I will send this on. States it all in one place. personally I think theres anything we can do. Ultimately its Gods judgment. When killed the central bank they just crashed the economy. It would take a miracle for most people to even understand the screw job. If any leader came on the scene and tried to kill the Fed the bankers would just constrict the money supply crash the economy. Frankly I believe we are in the end game. Only repentance and revival would give us more time as a nation. Sadly not optimistic about that either. We are already seeing the birthing of the apostate church. Trusting God will take care of the faithful remnant. Not looking forward to the days ahead. I wish would have their eyes opened. We may be able to take part in a great harvest after goes down. Maybe then people will the GOOD We shall have all eternity to celebrate the but we have only the few hours before sunset in which to win them. Agreed. we face but that may be Gods plan too. 1971. We went off the Gold Standard. What happened next was utterly predictable. A dollar today is worth a fifth of a 1971 dollar. was the The legal tender dollar is worth exactly the same as it has always been 100 cents. the Credit Dollar is another its only worth 4 cents Wall Street and shadow banking system generated But because people are too stupid and lazy to discern the they equate the two as being one in the same and are apparently willing to die firmly holding onto that erroneous belief. was just following orders. The price of being president. They are all sock puppets. and all spooning together are the latest screw job is a perfect example. They are all treasonous traitors willing to sell their souls for a mess of pottage. O is dumb enough to think hes creating his communist utopia. The betrayal on the is truly I would like to see a Third Party if only to vent my frustration. As I see
