 Saturday, October 29, 2016 by:  Tags: Zika , mind control , propaganda (NaturalNews) It's been nearly nine months since the word "Zika" flashed like a lightning bolt in the headlines of mainstream news. Before January 1, 2016, Zika was just one of many viruses that public health officials monitored. But suddenly in January of this year everything changed, as a nearly harmless virus was transformed into a worldwide threat.(Article by John P. Thomas, republished from HealthImpactNews.com )As we will see, the Zika propaganda machine was turned on in October of 2015 and it has been running wild ever since. This is a classic example of a mind control program, a public brainwashing project, or a high powered marketing campaign.Regardless of what you call it, it is clear that the mainstream news media, the World Health Organization (WHO), the Pan American Health Organization (PAHO), the US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Big Pharma, Big Chem, and both Republicans and Democrats have joined forces to sell a Zika eradication program to the people of the United States and to the rest of the world.This has been and continues to be one of the best orchestrated programs of propaganda in recent history. This article will discuss how the program started, how it has been developed, and where it is going. Zika is not a Threat to the Babies of the World Just to be absolutely clear from the beginning, there is no solid evidence that Zika is a threat to humanity. It is a minimally dangerous viral infection, which does not cause microcephaly.In the almost 70 years since the Zika virus was patented by the Rockefeller Foundation, [1] no one ever noticed any association between Zika infection of pregnant women and their babies being born with abnormally small heads or with defects in brain development. But in 2015, we were suddenly made aware of this supposed problem. This claim, based on nothing more than circumstantial evidence, was the beginning point for the propaganda campaign. A propaganda claim doesn't need to be true; it just needs to be repeated over and over again until people believe it is true.After half a year of fear and hysteria in the mainstream media, even officials in Brazil admit that Zika is an unlikely cause of their microcephaly .As reported in Nature News & Comment on July 23, 2016, an official from Brazil's ministry of health raises doubts to suggest Zika is not the only factor in the reported microcephaly surge in his country. The report stated: Zika virus has spread throughout Brazil, but extremely high rates of microcephaly have been reported only in the country's northeast. Although evidence suggests that Zika can cause microcephaly, the clustering pattern hints that other environmental, socio-economic or biological factors could be at play. "We suspect that something more than Zika virus is causing the high intensity and severity of cases," says Fatima Marinho, director of information and health analysis at Brazil's ministry of health. If that turns out to be true, it could change researchers' assessment of the risk that Zika poses to pregnant women and their children. [2] Despite this admission from Brazil, the Zika propaganda campaign is moving ahead without interruption. The campaign will not be stopped by contrary evidence about Zika and microcephaly. Zika is a Mild Viral Infection Most people who get Zika, will be completely unaware of being infected. For those who do get sick, it is similar in many ways to having a cold or a mild case of the flu. People experience fever, rash, joint pain, and conjunctivitis. The illness is usually mild with symptoms lasting from several days to a week. Infection is thought to provide lifelong immunity. Severe disease requiring hospitalization is uncommon. Deaths are rare. [3]The fact that almost no one dies from Zika infection made it a very unlikely candidate for the development of a vaccine. For those who actually feel sick from a Zika infection, they can receive comfort care and rest while their immune systems overcome the viral illness. Zika Press Releases Set the Stage for a Propaganda Campaign However, if Zika could be connected to some other horrible consequence, such as microcephaly or paralysis (Guillain-Barre syndrome) for example, then people would insist that we create a Zika vaccine and would insist that every person on planet Earth take it. They would be willing to give up basic individual freedoms for the benefit of society, which is always the goal of mind control programs.In 2015, a number of press releases and reports were released by the Pan American Health Organization / World Health Organization (PAHO/WHO) and the CDC, to set the stage for the unfolding of a grand mind control project.The documents they published raised the red flag of alarm that a Zika epidemic was unfolding throughout South America and Mexico. The conventional media got excited about the epidemic when they saw the word "microcephaly." The prospect of large numbers of babies being born with abnormally small heads and brains was a story that would really grab the attention of their audience.The media used pictures of deformed babies to build fear in the hearts of people and to create the perception that we better watch out or Zika is going to get us and our babies! They worked really hard to instill public panic about Zika in January and February of 2016 .In the timeline that follows, you will see the word "autochthonous." Public Health agencies use the word autochthonous to say that an infection was locally generated. An autochthonous case of Zika is one that was acquired in the local area where a person lives. This is in contrast with a Zika infection that was acquired while visiting another region or country.I will list a few of the key points from some press releases to show how a foundation for the Zika campaign was built and how momentum was established to project the campaign into mainstream media. May 2015: Brazil confirms first autochthonous