Al Caiola, a versatile guitarist who recorded hit versions of the themes from the westerns “The Magnificent Seven” and “Bonanza” and worked with artists ranging from Buddy Holly to Tony Bennett, died on Nov. 9 in Allendale, N.J. He was 96. His death, at a nursing home, was confirmed by his daughter, Sandra Ayres. Mr. Caiola (pronounced kay-OH-lah) had Top 40 hits in 1961 with his renditions, on the United Artists label, of those two themes, becoming one of the relatively few artists to reach that plateau with instrumental recordings. His version of the galloping theme from the NBC western “Bonanza,” which began in 1959 and would end its hugely popular run in 1973, reached No. 19 on the Billboard singles chart. His rendition of the now-classic heroic theme, composed by Elmer Bernstein, from “The Magnificent Seven,” a 1960 film with Yul Brynner and Steve McQueen, reached No. 35. The son of a New Jersey barber, Mr. Caiola started as a vocalist but was persuaded by his father that being an instrumentalist would offer more professional opportunities. His father was right. In the 1950s and ’60s, Mr. Caiola was one of the busiest guitarists in the recording studios of New York. In addition to Mr. Holly and Mr. Bennett, the many artists with whom he recorded or performed included Frank Sinatra, Elvis Presley, Johnny Mathis, Simon and Garfunkel, Sarah Vaughan, Glen Campbell and Rosemary Clooney. He also played in orchestras led by Percy Faith, Morton Gould and Andre Kostelanetz, and on radio and television with Steve Allen, Jackie Gleason, Arthur Godfrey and Ed Sullivan. And he recorded albums as a leader, beginning with “Deep in a Dream,” released in 1955 on Savoy, on which he led a jazz quartet featuring Hank Jones on piano. “He could play classical, rock ’n’ roll, R&B,” Moe Wechsler, a pianist who often recorded with Mr. Caiola, told The Palm Beach Post in 2004. “Al could do anything that was required; he’s the classic well-rounded musician.” Alexander Emil Caiola was born on Sept. 7, 1920, in Jersey City, to Emil Caiola and the former Genevieve Esposito. He began on the banjo, was a guitar prodigy by the age of 11, took formal lessons as a teenager at a Times Square studio and at 16 was already associated with his fellow guitarist Tony Mottola, performing with him on a children’s radio show, “Sally and Sam.” He enlisted in the Marines, where he performed in the Fifth Marine Division Band with the singer and bandleader Bob Crosby (Bing’s brother) and served as a stretcher bearer during World War II at Iwo Jima. After a brief interlude on the trumpet (he switched because marching bands largely forgo string instruments), he returned to guitar after the war and studied at the New Jersey College of Music on the G.I. Bill. He played an Epiphone Al Caiola Standard guitar. He was one of the first artists honored with a signature guitar in the modern era by the company, which was founded in 1873. In addition to his daughter, Mr. Caiola is survived by his wife, the former Rosalie Fiocco; a son, Alexander Jr.; four grandchildren; and four great-grandchildren.
JON BATISTE: ‘CHRISTMAS WITH JON BATISTE’ Naht Jona; CD, $9.99; MP3, $7.99  There’s a charming intimacy to much of this album, which Jon Batiste made on the side during his first year as bandleader for “The Late Show With Stephen Colbert.” The style runs from spare to plush, with Mr. Batiste’s soulful piano, voice and melodica as abiding constants. Along with his regular band mates, he enlists instrumental guests including the trumpeter Sean Jones, the percussionist Jason Marsalis and the violinist Lee England Jr. As for the vocal guests, they include Judith Hill, on a slinky “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,” and Aloe Blacc, on the exhortatory, gospel-tinged original “Endless Love.” NATE CHINEN LAUREN DAIGLE: ‘BEHOLD: A CHRISTMAS COLLECTION’ Centricity, $10 You can hear the Louisiana seeping through “Behold,” the impressive holiday album by Lauren Daigle, her generation’s most promising singer of contemporary Christian music. Sometimes it’s in the arrangements, like on “Jingle Bells,” which pulses with New Orleans-informed jazz and swing. But mainly her home state is in her voice, which unlike that of many of her genre peers, is rife with ambiguity, not clarity. That means an “O Come All Ye Faithful” that’s more unsteady dirge than regal announcement, and a “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” that, thanks to the appealing drag in her vocals, is tranquil, cozy and flirty. JON CARAMANICA BRETT ELDREDGE: ‘GLOW’ Atlantic Nashville; CD, $9.97; MP3, $9.49 Perhaps you have listened to the youngish country star Brett Eldredge and wondered just how, even in these polyglot, borderless, permissive times, he makes sense in Nashville. If that city has lately been dominated by bros, he is a gentleman; his twang feels digitally augmented. “Glow,” his first holiday album, makes the disconnect clear: It turns out Mr. Eldredge is a disarming crooner deeply at home in front of a big band. He achieves a striking Sinatra-lite on “I’ll Be Home for Christmas” and wrings “Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” into a scene of pure pathos. JON CARAMANICA AMY GRANT: ‘TENNESSEE CHRISTMAS’ Amy Grant Productions/Sparrow/Capitol; CD, $8.89; $9.49 It has been more than 30 years since Amy Grant released her first Christmas album, which opened with a cozy original, “Tennessee Christmas.” This album begins the same way, but don’t dismiss it as a retread. Ms. Grant, a longtime beacon in contemporary Christian music, is also a fixture of Nashville, where she recorded these songs at her home studio. Naturally, there’s a cameo by her husband, Vince Gill, who brings a silvery gleam to “Baby, It’s Cold Outside.” And in addition to friskier holiday fare, Ms. Grant offers a few bittersweet new ballads like “Melancholy Christmas,” which sets the stage with a relatable couplet: “I post another picture from the quiet of my room/And wonder who’ll like it, and wonder what to do.” NATE CHINEN KURT ELLING: ‘THE BEAUTIFUL DAY: KURT ELLING SINGS CHRISTMAS’ OKeh/Sony Masterworks; CD $10.79, MP3, $9.99 Kurt Elling wasn’t interested in a ring-a-ding holiday album; for a jazz singer of his temperament, that would have been too routine a challenge. What he made instead is a brooding, earnest reflection on the rites of the season, both religious and secular. Mr. Elling is sparkling and sure covering Donny Hathaway’s “This Christmas” and Dan Fogelberg’s “Same Old Lang Syne.” But his heart seems more honestly aligned with several numbers from “Scrooge: The Musical” (including the title track) and a haunted ballad called “The Michigan Farm (Cradle Song Op. 41/1),” which sets original lyrics to a 19th-century lullaby by Edvard Grieg. NATE CHINEN KACEY MUSGRAVES: ‘A VERY KACEY CHRISTMAS’ Mercury; CD, $8.90; MP3, $9.49 What better turn than a Christmas album for an artist whose mission is to uphold tradition under the cover of mild subversion? Kacey Musgraves’s first holiday album is by and large delightful, full of sweet, measured singing; varied arrangements, from Western swing to vintage soul; and catholic song choice, including the 1950s novelty “I Want a Hippopotamus for Christmas.” There are also four originals, the best of which is “A Willie Nice Christmas” (featuring Willie Nelson), on which she sings, over Hawaiian guitar, “I’m gonna wrap my presents up in red bandannas/and leave some special cookies out for Santa.” Get it? The cookies have marijuana in them. They’re marijuana cookies. For Santa. JON CARAMANICA R. KELLY: ‘12 NIGHTS OF CHRISTMAS’ RCA; CD, $8; MP3, $9.99 “Mrs. Santa Claus/This year will be, this year will be/the year I make holiday love to you”: R. Kelly would like to bring you tidings of comfort and joy and maybe some other things too. “12 Nights of Christmas” is his first holiday album in a two-decades-plus career toggling between the carnal and the spiritual. He doesn’t take the challenge lightly on this ambitious album: There are a dozen songs, all originals. Some are perfectly pleasant, others, like the afore-quoted “Mrs. Santa Claus,” are transfixing. Mostly, Mr. Kelly is in his polite, adult-contemporary R&B mode, making music for Chicago steppers ready for a grown-folks night out. But after the night out comes the night in, as the grunts and howls on “Christmas Lovin’” make clear. JON CARAMANICA JENNIFER NETTLES: ‘TO CELEBRATE CHRISTMAS’ Big Machine; CD, $8.99; MP3, $9.49 If there’s no room in country music’s mainstream for Jennifer Nettles’s gargantuan voice, it’s a relief she found the willing canvas of holiday music. These standards don’t just forgive elegantly shouted singing, they encourage it. So Ms. Nettles howls on “O Holy Night,” leans into “The First Noel” with dignity and fire, and brings sass to “God Rest Ye Merry Gentlemen,” an ice-cool duet with Andra Day. Like Ms. Nettles, the arrangements by Tim Lauer and Julian Raymond have just enough bite to invigorate the familiar — the easy guitar march on “O Holy Night,” or the rockabilly arrangement of the black spiritual “Go Tell It on the Mountain.” JON CARAMANICA PENTATONIX: ‘A PENTATONIX CHRISTMAS’ RCA; CD, $6.99; MP3, $9.99 How long has it been since Pentatonix, the wildly popular, pneumatically precise a cappella group, last released a holiday album? Two years, since “That’s Christmas to Me,” which sold more than two million copies. If you liked that album, there’s no reason you wouldn’t like this one, which also emulsifies carols and Christmas standards to the consistency of a smoothie. Maybe you’ll want to know that there’s a solemn cover of a track by Kanye West (“Coldest Winter”); maybe you already know that there’s a dim, cloying cover of “Hallelujah,” the Leonard Cohen hymn. But the best news here suggests a merciful awareness of diminishing returns: In its entirety, the album lasts just under 35 minutes. NATE CHINEN LORETTA LYNN: ‘WHITE CHRISTMAS BLUE’ Legacy; CD, $10.29; MP3, $10.99 The manger isn’t far from the honky-tonk on Loretta Lynn’s Christmas collection, which has songs from the trove of recordings she began making in the 2000s with Johnny Cash’s son, John Carter Cash, at the Cash Cabin Studio. Ms. Lynn’s voice is pure Appalachia, with openhearted respect in religious songs and a touch of swing on tunes like “Blue Christmas.” The arrangements hark back to the down-home understatement of 1960s country, placing just the right piano tinkle or steel-guitar turn between verses. When Ms. Lynn recites “’Twas the Night Before Christmas” backed by a guitar, Santa’s farewell is “Merry Christmas, you all, and to all a good night.” JON PARELES SARAH MCLACHLAN: ‘WONDERLAND’ Verve; CD, $11.99, MP3, $9.49 The cozy benevolence of Sarah McLachlan’s voice is the constant on an album that puts considerable thought into customizing familiar songs. There are echoes of Phil Spector and the Beach Boys in the steady quarter-note chords behind “Let It Snow.” “Away in a Manger” arrives with a different melody, as a countryish waltz with vocal harmonies from Emmylou Harris; “Huron Carol,” a Celtic-tinged Canadian hymn, gets full orchestral drama. Some choices are fussy and overblown, but Ms. McLachlan’s voice always provides warmth. JON PARELES SHE & HIM: ‘CHRISTMAS PARTY’ Columbia, $10.99 She & Him — the actress Zooey Deschanel and the guitarist M. Ward — keep a casual, home-recorded air on their second holiday album, “Christmas Party.” Ms. Deschanel has a pretty mezzo-soprano, a semipro with lapses in concentration, while Mr. Ward sings, in his occasional appearances, no better or worse than a session guitarist. Friends drop by, including Sonic Youth’s drummer, Steve Shelley, and indie-pop harmonizers like Jenny Lewis and the Chapin Sisters. Among many familiar songs is a record-collector find: Vashti Bunyan’s “The Coldest Night of the Year.” She & Him can’t match the freak-folk Phil Spector aura of the original. But along with the rest of the album, it’s a suggestion to find your own Christmas nuggets and sing them yourself. JON PARELES
BIG STAR: ‘COMPLETE THIRD’ Omnivore; three CDs; $49.98; MP3, $19.99; omnivorerecordings.com It could have been even messier. Big Star’s “Third” was the bewildering and later beloved (particularly by indie-rockers) album recorded in 1974 by the songwriter Alex Chilton at a druggie, drunken, experimental extreme. Radiant melodies grappled with clutter and noise; longing and reverence collided with snark and despair. Rightly considered uncommercial, it wasn’t released until 1978, and its assorted versions have no definite sequence or even an official title. “Complete Third” joins the album’s 20 final masters with Mr. Chilton’s gleaming, open solo demos for the songs, along with out-on-a-limb mixes by its producer, Jim Dickinson, and more straightforward mixes by the engineer John Fry. It reveals the choices behind a ramshackle landmark. JON PARELES ‘BOBO YÉYÉ: BELLE ÉPOQUE IN UPPER VOLTA’ Numero Group; three CDs, 144-page book; $35; numerogroup.com Music is only half of “Bobo Yéyé,” a box featuring 1960s and ’70s recordings by four bands from Upper Volta (which became Burkina Faso in 1984). It’s also a comprehensive portfolio of photographs by Sory Sanlé: studio portraits and casual images of a vital, bygone African era. The music is what made Sanlé’s subjects dance. Orchestre Volta-Jazz pulls Afro-Cuban music and American soul back toward Africa. Dafra Star (founded by Volta-Jazz’s star singer, Coulibaly Tidiani) brings out African rhythms, often with a balafon (marimba). Echo Del Africa National and Les Imbattables Léopards, which share the third CD, are smoother; though their ballads sag, they also find some funk. JON PARELES DAVID BOWIE: ‘WHO CAN I BE NOW? (1974-1976)’ Parlophone; 12 CDs, $175.99; 13 LPs, $296.99 This exhaustive reissue gathers David Bowie’s music just before, during and after his mid-1970s “plastic soul” phase, extending from “Diamond Dogs” to “Station to Station,” plus two concert recordings and full-album alternate mixes and edits. It reassembles an unreleased 1974 album, “The Gouster,” a preliminary version of “Young Americans” with three songs, though all have previously been reissued. Recording at Sigma Sound in Philadelphia, Bowie was soaking up the warmth and dynamics of American R&B and bonding with dance music. An extended, jamming remake of “John, I’m Only Dancing” and the gradual soul-gospel buildups of “It’s Gonna Be Me” and “Who Can I Be Now?” show a gifted disciple learning fast and moving ahead. JON PARELES FLEETWOOD MAC: ‘MIRAGE’ Warner Bros./Rhino; three CDs, one LP and one DVD, $99.98; expanded CD, $19.98; remastered CD, $11.98 rhino.com “Mirage,” from 1982, has the high gloss and musical facility of the blockbuster Fleetwood Mac albums that preceded it — “Fleetwood Mac,” “Rumours” and “Tusk” — but fewer memorable songs; in hindsight, it sounds more facile and complacent. The 19 early versions and outtakes on the added disc are less layered, less pretty, more exposed and a little darker. One outtake, Stevie Nicks’s furious “Smile at You,” waited until 2003 for an official studio version. Confections like “Hold Me” were improved by later tinkering; confessions like “That’s Alright,” perhaps not. The deluxe version’s third CD is a “Mirage” tour concert; the DVD has the original album in high-resolution audio. JON PARELES GAS: ‘BOX’ Kompakt; 10 LPs, four CDs and a book, $165.98; strandedrecords.com Wolfgang Voigt, who founded the minimal techno label Kompakt, released ambient albums in the 1990s as GAS, a fitting rubric for music that was richly amorphous and invisibly yet thoroughly pervasive — and, later, influential. Blurry, sustained tones that might be orchestral or electronic and quiet, shifting fields of static hover over muffled beats and subtly rhythmic washes of noise. In a way, the tracks merge the glacial symphonic raptures of Bruckner and Wagner with the loops and pulsations of dance music; they can be simultaneously serene and ominous. “Box” includes both vinyl and CD versions of the albums “Zauberberg,” “Königsforst,” “Pop” and the EP “Oktember,” reissuing what were double vinyl albums on three LPs each to make room for unedited versions and better sound. JON PARELES THE GRATEFUL DEAD: ‘JULY 1978: THE COMPLETE RECORDINGS’ Rhino; 12 CDs, $129.98; dead.net The Grateful Dead’s 1978 lineup was a prime one: a limber, adventurous band with Keith Godchaux on piano and some fresh, challenging material from the 1977 album “Terrapin Station.” This elaborately packaged box gathers five shows on 12 discs, crisply recorded to reveal every iota of Dead counterpoint. The band peaks in a jet-fueled Minnesota show and in its first two concerts at Red Rocks in Colorado, but there’s plenty to enjoy elsewhere. JON PARELES NRBQ: ‘HIGH NOON: A 50-YEAR RETROSPECTIVE’ Omnivore; five CDs, $56.99; nrbq.com A good-time spirit runs through the music of NRBQ, which stands for New Rhythm and Blues Quartet (initially Quintet) but has never been bound to R&B or any other genre. Started in 1966 with home recordings — there’s one in this collection — NRBQ is rooted in a 1950s of rockabilly, blues, Rodgers and Hammerstein, Thelonious Monk and Sun Ra, along with a 1960s of early Beatles and Beach Boys. Their songs hold chromatic twists and wry wordplay, packed into smiley three-minute bundles. “High Noon” combines a best-of with many rarities, suiting a band that’s both crafty and casual. JON PARELES OTIS REDDING: ‘LIVE AT THE WHISKY A GO GO: THE COMPLETE RECORDINGS’ Stax; six CDs, $44.99; amazon.com In the 1960s, even a soul hitmaker like Otis Redding — “Respect,” “Can’t Turn You Loose,” “Satisfaction” — had a grinding schedule. He played seven sets in three days at the Whisky a Go Go in Los Angeles in 1966, a gig that moved him up out of the R&B circuit. Redding had hits to perform, but he didn’t go for routine; he constantly changed up set lists. His nine-piece road band (horns and all) hit the arrangements as hard as the nonpareil Stax studio band, but with variations: fast and indomitable one night, slower and bluesier on another. And Redding used his velvet-lined growl of a voice to capture pride, desire, exultation and pain — just a great soul man, hard at work. JON PARELES LOU REED: ‘THE RCA & ARISTA ALBUMS COLLECTION’ RCA/Arista/Legacy; 17 CDs, 80-page book, extras, $199; legacyrecordings.com  Lou Reed’s last project was to remaster the 16 albums he released from 1972 to 1986. They included masterpieces (“Transformer,” “Berlin,” “Street Hassle”), novelties (the comedic rants of “Take No Prisoners”), provocations (“Metal Machine Music,” now recognized as a monument of Minimalistic noise), misfires (“Coney Island Baby”) and plenty of solidly rewarding albums that fall somewhere in between (“The Blue Mask,” “New Sensations,” “Mistrial”). Along the way, Reed occasionally set aside but invariably returned to his hallowed lineup of two guitars, bass and drums, rethinking them every time — and, decades later, remastering them for more space and bite. JON PARELES SOUNDGARDEN: ‘BADMOTORFINGER’ UMe/A&M Records; four CDs, two DVDs and one Blu-ray audio, $149.99; two CDs, $18.99; two LPs, $27.99; one CD, $12.99; soundgarden.shop.livenation.com Soundgarden’s 1991 album, “Badmotorfinger,” brought the band to its heaving, hard-riffing, leather-lunged, ferocious extreme, fully establishing it as the grunge extension of Led Zeppelin, with Chris Cornell singing about defiance and rage rather than cockiness. Three years later “Superunknown,” with a tincture of melody, would carry Soundgarden to its commercial peak. For its 25th anniversary, a remastered “Badmotorfinger” is paired with noisier outtakes — less polished, equally brawny — of the entire album, including a version of “New Damage” with Queen’s Brian May on lead guitar. The deluxe version adds a hometown Seattle concert in audio and video, a documentary and a surround-sound remix. JON PARELES DOLLY PARTON, EMMYLOU HARRIS, LINDA RONSTADT: ‘THE COMPLETE TRIO COLLECTION’ Warner Bros./Rhino; three CDs, $29.98; rhino.com Three solo careers aligned just twice — with sessions in 1986 and 1994 — for Dolly Parton, Emmylou Harris and Linda Ronstadt to record two albums of luminous, largely acoustic Southern California country-pop together as Trio. They harked back to Appalachian tradition even in nontraditional songs like Neil Young’s “After the Gold Rush” and Phil Spector’s “To Know Him Is to Love Him,” and their mutual respect shines through performances that were all about shared vocal harmonies. A third disc, of 20 outtakes, includes some alternate versions with more extroverted lead vocals in the spotlight. But at the time, Trio chose closer blends instead. JON PARELES BLONDE REDHEAD: ‘MASCULIN FÉMININ’ Numero Group; four LPs, $50; two CDs, $25; numerogroup.com Blonde Redhead released its first two albums in 1995, part of a downtown New York indie-rock moment still preoccupied with Sonic Youth’s muscular and meditative dissonance and the long tail of no wave. But what’s clear in this collection of early work — those first two albums, along with demos, outtakes and radio performances from the same era — is not just how this band smartly mainlined those ideas, but also its quirky sweetness. Here was a group that had cool reserve, nimble tension and an elegant warmth spread across it all. JON CARAMANICA EGYPTIAN LOVER: ‘1983-1988’ Stones Throw; four LPs, $45; CD, $15; MP3, $11.99; stonesthrow.com Before gangster rap became the ubiquitous soundtrack of Los Angeles, Egyptian Lover’s sensual electro-rap was one of the defining sounds of the city. Honed at live parties, his style was flamboyant and loose, and also comic: He was a hilarious character and a fountain of over-the-top dirty talk. But while his rhymes could be elemental, his zippy, throbbing production — an unending pulse that verged on the erotic — felt like the future. JON CARAMANICA ‘LIVE AT DBA: START YOUR OWN ___ SHOW SPACE’ Famous Class; three LPs, $38; three LPs and hardcover book, $73; famousclass.com Death by Audio, the warehouse venue in Williamsburg, Brooklyn, was raucous and communally inclined, and in the summer, woefully under-air-conditioned. For nearly a decade, until its eviction in November 2014, it was one of that neighborhood’s essential listening posts, especially as the area began to coalesce around tense, frustrated, sloppy punk. That’s the prevailing ethos of this exuberant collection of recordings made during Death by Audio’s final month, one song per show. It intends to be a sort of Festschrift for one special venue, but ends up one for a sound that’s evaporated, and a neighborhood that doesn’t remember. JON CARAMANICA ‘BOOMBOX: EARLY INDEPENDENT HIP HOP, ELECTRO AND DISCO RAP 1979-82’ Soul Jazz; two CDs, $19.99; amazon.com In 1979, after “Rapper’s Delight” forced rapping out of park jams and block parties and onto records, the scramble to capitalize on that budding genre was fast, with a gaggle of small labels emerging to sate the hunger. This smart anthology captures that moment via songs that follow the template of that foundational hit: casual, slick boasting over live bands playing disco licks. Some of these songs, like “Rappers Convention,” are part of the era’s primary narrative, but here they share space with worthy peers who have largely flown below the historical radar: Count Coolout, Mistafide, Mr. Sweety G. JON CARAMANICA ‘BAD BOY 20TH ANNIVERSARY BOX SET EDITION’ Bad Boy/Rhino; five CDs, $49.98; rhino.com Given how quickly hip-hop moves these days, the peak Bad Boy era of the mid- to late-1990s — the Notorious B.I.G.! Mase! Puff Daddy learning to rap in public! — feels like 10 lifetimes ago, but therein lay almost all the blueprints for what came next: melody’s full absorption into hip-hop, followed by hip-hop’s full absorption into pop. This thorough collection is arranged in loose thematic groupings, not chronologically, to emphasize a label that was tough when it wanted to be, tender when it wanted to be, and most of the time, preferred not to choose. JON CARAMANICA ‘CLASSIC SAVOY BE-BOP SESSIONS 1945-49’ Mosaic; 10 CDs, $169; mosaicrecords.com The incandescent brilliance of Charlie Parker’s output on Savoy Records, well burnished in other boxed sets, has often obscured the work of bebop’s other early adopters, who receive their proper due here. Highlights include the earliest sessions by the tenor saxophonist Dexter Gordon and sparkling work by the trombonist J. J. Johnson, the trumpeter Fats Navarro and the baritone saxophonist Leo Parker. The sound restoration is superb, and an extensive booklet sheds light on both the sessions and their roguish producer, a self-described “jazz hustler” named Teddy Reig. NATE CHINEN MILES DAVIS QUINTET: ‘FREEDOM JAZZ DANCE: THE BOOTLEG SERIES, VOL. 5’ Legacy; three CDs, $27.99 at Amazon; MP3, $19.99; legacyrecordings.com The Miles Davis Quintet of the mid-1960s has often justly been hailed as one of the great small groups in the history of jazz. It has also been exhaustively chronicled, which makes this set feel like a fait accompli. A fly-on-the-wall glimpse into the recording studio, it traffics in alternate takes, rehearsal material and intra-band discussion, including every second of tape from the sessions for the album “Miles Smiles.” Only serious obsessives need inquire, but for anyone fitting that description, it’s a motherlode. NATE CHINEN KEITH JARRETT: ‘A MULTITUDE OF ANGELS’ ECM; four CDs, $51.29; ecmrecords.com Keith Jarrett became the most celebrated improvising solo pianist of the modern era on the basis of “The Köln Concert,” a wildly successful album of long-form inventions from 1975. This engrossing set consists of four previously unreleased concerts from an Italian tour in 1996, the last of his solo tours to adhere to a similarly sprawling format. Each concert has its own arc and character, balancing deep rhapsody against thorny dissonance. By Mr. Jarrett’s own estimation, writing in the liner notes, this body of work represents a pinnacle of his career. NATE CHINEN KRIS KRISTOFFERSON: ‘THE COMPLETE MONUMENT & COLUMBIA ALBUM COLLECTION’ Legacy; 16 CDs, $86.99; MP3, $99.99; legacyrecordings.com So many of the factors that sealed Kris Kristofferson’s granite reputation as a songwriter and outlaw-country hero — his knack for aphorism, his stoic eloquence, his tender empathy — can be clearly identified on “Kristofferson,” his arresting debut, released on Monument Records in 1970. It’s the first disc in this collection, which includes all his albums for the label, up to the 1981 masterwork “To the Bone.” There’s also a hit-or-miss assortment of newly unearthed demos; a compilation of nonalbum tracks, including some duets with Willie Nelson; and three riveting concert recordings, the first of which, “Live at the Big Sur Folk Festival,” is a previously unissued portrait of the artist as a young bandleader, already radiating his skeptical, rangy charm. NATE CHINEN THE BAND: ‘THE LAST WALTZ 40TH ANNIVERSARY EDITIONS’ Rhino; four CDs, two Blu-rays and a 300-page hardcover book, $259.98; six LPs, $119.98; four CDs and one Blu-ray, $64.98; two CDs, $19.98; rhino.com Forty years ago this Thanksgiving, the Band threw itself a farewell party at the Winterland Ballroom in San Francisco. Billed as “The Last Waltz,” it featured an all-star roster of friends and collaborators, like Bob Dylan, Joni Mitchell, Muddy Waters and Neil Young. A dazzling concert film of the same name, directed by Martin Scorsese, gave the evening an aura of legend, which is surely one reason its anniversary has been met with such a grand commemorative ballyhoo. The simplest of these editions is a remastered version of the original soundtrack, on two CDs; the most elaborate is a limited-edition splurge, featuring a faux-leather-bound copy of Mr. Scorsese’s shooting script. A deluxe edition includes the film on Blu-ray, the full concert audio and a handful of rehearsal tracks, like Van Morrison’s easing into ecstatic form on “Caravan.” NATE CHINEN ‘WAXING THE GOSPEL: MASS EVANGELISM AND THE PHONOGRAPH, 1890-1900’ Archeophone; three CDs and a 408-page hardcover book, $55; archeophone.com The commercial advent of recorded sound coincided with a boom in mass evangelism in the United States — not an arbitrary overlap, as this collection definitively shows. A product of many years of scholarship, scavenging and restoration, the collection draws from dozens of rare wax cylinders, sorting them in three categories: commercial recordings, by enterprising souls like the revivalist minister Frank Butts; celebrity recordings, notably those by the gospel baritone Ira D. Sankey; and vernacular recordings, including what’s known as the Heath cache, much of it traceable to a camp meeting on the Jersey Shore in 1897. A handsome hardcover book, packed with context, underscores the magnitude of the effort behind this groundbreaking set. NATE CHINEN
WASHINGTON — President Obama officially pardoned two turkeys on Wednesday, in an oddly mournful replaying of a White House Thanksgiving ritual that not even his daughters attended. Standing in for the president’s two daughters were two nephews, Austin Robinson, 6, and Aaron Robinson, 4, “who, unlike Malia and Sasha, have not yet been turned cynical by Washington,” Mr. Obama joked. “They still believe in bad puns. They still appreciate the grandeur of this occasion. They still have hope.” At the mention of “hope,” the crowd in the Rose Garden — made up of family and friends getting perhaps one last visit to the White House grounds — grew quiet, and Mr. Obama’s staff, gathered along the nearby colonnade, looked grim. Mr. Obama has spent much of the last two weeks as a kind of crisis counselor, trying to persuade his staff and Hillary Clinton’s supporters that Donald J. Trump’s victory will not spell disaster for Mr. Obama’s priorities or the nation. And on Wednesday, the president was at his this-will-all-be-all-right best. The occasion was one of those somewhat odd White House traditions that become enshrined on the calendar in part because nobody quite knows how to kill them. The notion that a pardon given to two turkeys out of 46 million slaughtered for the Thanksgiving holiday should be some kind of feel-good event has always felt a bit off. Mr. Obama has long papered over the awkwardness with a speech peppered with puns. But with his legacy on the chopping block this year, even a few puns could not dispel the feeling of a New Orleans funeral — celebratory but with an underlying sadness. “I know there are some bad ones in here, but this is the last time I’m doing this, so we’re not leaving any room for leftovers,” Mr. Obama said to some laughter. Putting aside the jokes, Mr. Obama spent part of his speech trumpeting his administration’s accomplishments on jobs, housing and health care. It was a mini stump speech that most in the crowd had heard many times, but they clapped with gusto nonetheless. “That’s worth gobbling about,” Mr. Obama said. Then he grew somber and gave one of what will be many goodbyes. “On this Thanksgiving, I want to express my sincere gratitude to the American people for the trust that you’ve placed in me over these last eight years and the incredible kindness that you’ve shown my family,” Mr. Obama said. “On behalf of Michelle, and my mother-in-law and our girls, we want to thank you so very, very much.” He then dismissed the crowd with one last stab at good wordplay, saying, “And so let’s get on with the pardoning, because it’s Wednesday afternoon and everybody knows that Thanksgiving traffic can put everybody in a foul mood.”
Edgar Chase Jr., known as Dooky, who with his wife, the chef Leah Chase, turned his family’s New Orleans restaurant into a showcase for Creole cuisine and a gathering spot for activists during the civil rights era, died on Tuesday in New Orleans. He was 88. The death was confirmed by his granddaughter Tracie Griffin. Mr. Chase, a jazz trumpeter, was known throughout the South as the leader of the Dooky Chase Orchestra, a big band that he started in high school; his older sister, Doris, was its vocalist. In the early 1950s, as his father’s health declined, he stepped in to run Dooky Chase, the family’s little bar and grill in the city’s Tremé neighborhood. When his wife, the former Leah Lange, took her place behind the stove, the restaurant began evolving from a simple cafe into one of the city’s foremost exponents of Creole cooking, as well as an informal gallery for black artists. It became a magnet for black musicians, actors and politicians passing through town and, as the civil rights movement gathered momentum, a meeting place where organizers, both black and white, sat down to plan strategy in the upstairs dining room. Although Jim Crow laws forbade the races to mix in restaurants, city officials turned the other way in the case of Dooky Chase, fearful of the public response if they tried to intervene. Mr. Chase, a member of the N.A.A.C.P. and an active campaigner for voting rights, made his restaurant available to local civil rights lawyers and nationally recognized leaders like Thurgood Marshall and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Edgar Lawrence Chase Jr. was born in New Orleans on March 23, 1928. His father, also called Dooky, started the business in 1939 as a corner stand. (It also sold lottery tickets.) His mother, the former Emily Tenette, would make sandwiches, and young Edgar Jr. often delivered them. With $600 borrowed from a brewery, the Chases enlarged their stand and in 1941 opened the Dooky Chase Restaurant, which quickly became a neighborhood hub, in part because it was one of the few places where black workers could cash their paychecks. Mr. Chase, after graduating from Booker T. Washington High School, toured with his band, billed as “the Pride of New Orleans.” While performing at a Mardi Gras ball in 1945, he met his future wife, whom he married the next year. She went on to become a much-honored chef, cookbook author and television personality. She survives him, as do their three children, Stella Reese, Leah Kamata and Edgar Chase III, also known as Dooky; 16 grandchildren; and 26 great-grandchildren. The restaurant closed for two years after Hurricane Katrina struck in 2005, and Mr. Chase and his wife moved into a FEMA trailer across the street. The rebuilding effort moved slowly, in part because Mr. Chase did not like to borrow money, or spend it. “He wouldn’t give a crippled crab a crutch to get to a gumbo party,” Mrs. Chase told The New York Times in 2003. Two years after the hurricane, Dooky Chase reopened. Mr. Chase was active in civic affairs for much of his life. He was a board member of the New Orleans Jazz and Heritage Festival in its formative years and vice president of the New Orleans Tourist Commission from 1978 to 1983.
If the supposed war on Christmas is still being waged, you’d never know it from the television listings for the next few weeks. Christmas — which conservative critics have complained has been marginalized in our cross-cultural age — is everywhere this season, often right in the titles of specials and made-for-TV movies. And one of the first examples comes Friday night on that most libertine of cable outlets, HBO. It’s “Once Upon a Sesame Street Christmas,” a music-dotted fable in the tradition of “Christmas Eve on Sesame Street,” “Elmo Saves Christmas” and assorted other holiday offerings featuring the furry gang. The “Sesame Street” franchise moved to HBO early this year, and it shows in the casting of the new special: The guest stars include Zosia Mamet of the HBO series “Girls.” (Also turning up: Jim Gaffigan, unrecognizable in a Santa suit, and Audra McDonald.) The show, pleasant and witty, contains obligatory references to Hanukkah and Kwanzaa, but the story is decidedly about Christmas — or, more correctly, about the dark time in Sesame Street’s past, when Christmas was not celebrated, decorations were not hung, and Santa did not bother stopping. That might sound as if it were some kind of metaphor for the very war-on-Christmas world those aforementioned critics have trumpeted, but really it’s just a bedtime story being told to Elmo by his father. The tale results in a flashback to a Dickensian-looking period when Sesame Street was known as “the unfriendliest street in town” and ancestors of all the current gang spent their days crabbing at one another. (Oscar the Grouch’s “great-great-grand-Grouch” was, we learn, named Oscar the Malcontent.) A forebear of Elmo’s is a new arrival on the street, and he sets about changing the prevailing mind-set, introducing concepts like generosity and good will. Elmo and HBO are actually a bit slow to board the Christmas bandwagon; the Hallmark Channel began its annual “Countdown to Christmas” weeks ago. It has already debuted original movies that include “Every Christmas Has a Story,” “Christmas Cookies” and “My Christmas Dream,” while its companion channel, Hallmark Movies & Mysteries, has introduced “Finding Father Christmas” and “Operation Christmas.” Still to come, to name just the most imminent Hallmark Channel films: “Christmas in Homestead” (Thursday night), “Christmas List” (Friday), “A Heavenly Christmas” (Saturday) and “Journey Back to Christmas” (Sunday). Lifetime is almost as fond of “Christmas” titles, as in “All I Want for Christmas” (Saturday night) and “A Christmas Wedding Date” (Dec. 10). The UP TV programming stunt “We Get Christmas” — which, like Hallmark’s “Countdown to Christmas,” began a few weeks ago — includes the world-premiere movies “A Puppy for Christmas” (Friday night), “Falling for Christmas” (Saturday), “The Rooftop Christmas Tree” (Sunday) and “Girlfriends of Christmas Past” (Dec. 4). As that last title suggests, somehow the Christmas story has been invaded by singles seeking to fill a romantic or other void in their lives. On Saturday, TV One’s monthlong “TV Winter Onederland” has “The Christmas Swap,” which the channel describes as the story of “a down-on-his-luck single father” who “questions his decision to give up his dreams to take care of his ailing mother.” On the same channel on Dec. 10: “Merry Ex-Mas,” about a “mild-mannered single mother” who sets out to foil her ex-husband’s remarriage. Most of this fare strays quite far from the actual Christmas story, the one in the Christian Bible. Dolly Parton, at least, is not afraid to put a little faith back into the equation with “Dolly Parton’s Christmas of Many Colors: Circle of Love,” Nov. 30 on NBC. Like “Dolly Parton’s Coat of Many Colors” last year, it is inspired by her own childhood, and it’s short on subtlety. But at least it doesn’t shy away from the sacred side of Christmas. The best of the religious-themed Christmas shows is a little harder to find and doesn’t blare its seasonal intentions in the title. It’s “Winter Thaw,” Thanksgiving night on BYUtv. It’s a quiet, beautifully acted adaptation of a Leo Tolstoy story, “Where Love Is, God Is,” with John Rhys-Davies as a gnarled, embittered cobbler who learns that he holds within himself the key to breaking out of his misery. So is there still a war on Christmas? There certainly is in “SuperMansion: War on Christmas,” a hilarious special episode of Crackle’s animated “SuperMansion” show that is the polar opposite of the dignified story of the cobbler. The series is about an assortment of inept superheroes, and in the Christmas special, which begins streaming Dec. 8, they have to band together to save Christmas from a psychotic doll. The plot is too bizarre for further description; suffice it to say that if you like your holiday fare demented and fearless rather than subdued, this one’s for you.
This interview with John Lilly, a partner at Greylock Partners, a Silicon Valley venture capital firm, was conducted and condensed by Adam Bryant. Q. What were your early years like? Were you in leadership roles early on? A. My dad was in the Air Force, and we moved around a lot. There was a stretch when I went to a different school every year. We lived in San Antonio before I went to college. I learned a lot from being in a marching band. I was playing trumpet, and it was a 200-piece marching band, exactly like in “Friday Night Lights.” I became a section leader, and we would get up at 6:30 in the morning and do all our drills when it was still dark. Then I went to Stanford, where I had a lot of great leadership opportunities. As a sophomore, I ran the kitchen for our dormitory. Another guy and I had a budget of about $300,000 a year and we were responsible for feeding 80 people and hiring staff. When you were younger, did you mind moving so often? I don’t remember kicking or screaming. I always just thought it was a pretty good adventure. I’m pretty adaptable. I’m good at packing and unpacking. Tell me more about your parents. They both have a good sense of humor and like jokes, and humor’s a big part of what I value and how I lead. And they’re both analytical. Mom’s an accountant. Dad was a physics major but then became an engineer. I remember when I was in second grade, we needed a new TV. All my friends would just go to the store and buy one, but my dad bought a Heathkit, and we had to put together the parts. I remember being mortified and saying, “Dad, why can’t we go buy a TV like everybody else?” But in retrospect, it taught me that everything is made by people. We look at our technology now, like iPhones, and I think a lot of people see them as magical obelisks from the mountains that Steve Jobs bestows on us. Early leadership lessons for you? I didn’t understand the role of simplicity and messaging early on. One of the things that happened at one of my start-ups was that I would get bored saying the same thing every day. So I decided to change it up a little bit. But then everybody had a different idea of what I thought because I was mixing it up. So my big lesson was the importance of a simple message, and saying it the same way over and over. If you’re going to change it, change it in a big way, and make sure everyone knows it’s a change. Otherwise keep it static. You spend a lot of your time meeting with C.E.O.s to decide whether to invest in their companies. How do you assess them? One is sort of a context-free assessment, which is, who is this person and how do they behave? The other is a contextual assessment, which is, am I any good for this person? There are some amazing C.E.O.s who I just don’t know how to interact with because of stylistic differences. You have to have both because you want to make good investments, but you also want to make good investments where you can work with the person. I ask a lot of questions, but I almost don’t care what the questions are. When people start talking about their business plan, I’ll say, “What about this, what about this, what about this?” You start to expand the scope of the questions to try to see two things. One is the quality of their thought process. And the other is how they interact with you. Do they become defensive? Do they become aggressive? Are they listening? You’re trying to get a sense of whether, in a complicated situation with a lot of things going on, can they be honest and candid and still get to a productive place. Sometimes you get honest and candid, and sometimes you get antagonistic or defensive. As a V.C., I’ll meet with probably 400 companies a year and I’ll invest in two of them. The context of those meetings is highly variable, and the power dynamics are all bizarre because you come into this 60-minute crucible moment. You have to go out of your way to make sure that your questioning is understood. When I was a V.C. at first, I would just ask my questions and kind of poke, poke, poke, poke. And now I’ll say: “Look, I’m going to ask some things, and this might be kind of awkward, but I’m just going to say it, and let’s work our way through it. And it doesn’t mean I don’t believe in you and your company. I just want to understand where you are and what you think. I’m going to ask some things and they might be wrong, but let’s figure some things out together.” The one thing that’s profoundly different about being a V.C. compared to an operator is that V.C.s talk a lot about FOMO — fear of missing out. You turn things down all the time, and you worry, what did I miss and what did I get wrong? As an operator, you focus 100 percent on what you’re doing. As a V.C., you wonder what you’re not doing. It’s a difference in perspective. What career and life advice do you give to new college grads? One is, to use the words of my colleague Reid Hoffman at Greylock, find your tribe. You should look around and figure out whose team you’re on and whose team you’re not on. And for the people whose team you want to be on, you need to invest in those relationships and treat them well and spend time with them. The choices you make on who you stand with, and who you stand against, will matter. The other thing I would say is to stay close to professions that create and make things, and stay away from derivative professions like finance. I think makers increasingly have the power in our society.
Martine Hul is the self-appointed queen of pavé diamonds. In 2000, she first made her mark in the jewelry world by designing earrings with lines of pavé stones — the customer could choose one to seven rows. “At that time, here in Antwerp, 99 percent of the jewelry was so classic,” Ms. Hul said, noting that the pavé technique, which uses smaller and therefore less costly stones, allowed her to experiment with designs while keeping costs low, introducing a new, younger audience to diamond jewelry. The success of the initial pieces prompted her to start her business, Hulchi Belluni, in 2001. The diamond district of Antwerp, where Ms. Hul’s office and showroom are, is a sharp contrast to its glittering product. Drab gray buildings line the main street, Hoveniersstraat, which has a metal gate, security detail and its own synagogue for the many Jewish people in the industry. Yet the inspiration for Ms. Hul’s designs can come to her here, with the help of her Italian assistant, or almost anywhere. As an example, she offered one of her popular Funghetti rings, which features a circle of pavé diamonds set in a cone of gold resembling a trumpet mushroom. “I was walking in the woods near my house,” she said, when she got the idea. The ring, which comes in a variety of colored stones, is meant to be stacked for a personalized look. A trip she took to Tahiti was about 10 years ago, but it has had a lasting influence: Her Monoi collection, with its pavé diamond petals, echoes the fragrant monoi flower, a species of gardenia that she discovered during the trip. Corsage, with its crisscrossed lacings of pavé diamonds, came about because “I was walking after midnight in Milan and stopped in front of the La Perla windows,” she said. And the Lucky 8 collection is based on the importance of that number in Chinese culture and designed with that market in mind. Her newest collection, Magritte, debuted at Baselworld this year. It was inspired by the marguerite, the French name for the daisy, one of her favorite flowers, as well as a play on the name of the Belgian surrealist painter René Magritte. Ms. Hul’s jewelry is made by hand in Arezzo, Italy; prices start at 900 euros, or $980, and can go up to more than €3 million for commissions. She has created custom pieces for members of Qatar’s royal family, and her work will be displayed at the Jewelry Arabia event this week in Bahrain. It was Ms. Hul’s eye for the latest trend in jewelry that propelled her into the industry. In 1987, she was studying physiotherapy in Antwerp when she began working at Louis Reichman’s famous jewelry store, Juweel Design Barucci, on school vacations. She became a full-time employee and was given more and more responsibility until, eventually, Mr. Reichman asked her to travel to the annual trade fair in Basel, Switzerland, to buy jewelry for the store. He was shocked by her first purchase: heavy, gold Barakà jewelry designed by Lorenzo Muraro, who also designed Ferrari cars. “‘Are you crazy?’” she recalled Mr. Reichman asking. “‘Who is going to buy this?’” Ms. Hul put the 25 pieces in the window and, by closing time, the entire collection had been sold. The next step was obvious: to design her own jewelry. Spirituality, astronomy and feng shui are all important to Ms. Hul: “They influence everything I do,” she said, noting that even the name of her business is her last name combined with “chi,” to produce Hulchi, and Belluni “is for the Italian a bella luna, the beautiful moon.” “A full moon is good luck,” she added.
It had all the trappings of a high-level rapprochement: President-elect Donald J. Trump, now the nation’s press critic in chief, inviting the leading anchors and executives of television news to join him on Monday for a private meeting of minds. On-air stars like Lester Holt, Charlie Rose, George Stephanopoulos and Wolf Blitzer headed to Trump Tower for the off-the-record gathering, typically the kind of event where journalists and politicians clear the air after a hard-fought campaign. Instead, the president-elect delivered a defiant message: You got it all wrong. Mr. Trump, whose antagonism toward the news media was unusual even for a modern presidential candidate, described the television networks as dishonest in their reporting and shortsighted in missing the signs of his upset victory. He criticized some in the room by name, including CNN’s president, Jeffrey A. Zucker, according to multiple people briefed on the meeting who were granted anonymity to describe confidential discussions. It is not unusual for journalists to agree to off-the-record sessions with prominent politicians, including President Obama, as a way to gain insights and develop relationships. But after details of Mr. Trump’s hectoring leaked on Monday in The New York Post, it seemed the meeting was being used as a political prop, especially after Trump-friendly news outlets trumpeted the session as a take-no-prisoners move by a brave president-elect. “Trump Slams Media Elite, Face to Face,” blared the Drudge Report. “Trump Eats Press,” wrote Breitbart News. Those curious to hear more of what the president-elect had to say at the closed-door session were out of luck: Although more than two dozen prominent journalists attended, many declined to comment because they had agreed to keep the proceedings off the record. Kellyanne Conway, a top adviser to Mr. Trump, described the meeting in more tempered terms. “It was very cordial, very productive, very congenial,” Ms. Conway told reporters at Trump Tower. “It was also very candid and very honest.” “From my own perspective,” she added, “it’s great to hit the reset button.” Still, the encounter crystallized concerns that Mr. Trump, emboldened by his victory, may refuse to abide the traditional dynamic of a president and the journalists who cover him, a naturally adversarial relationship that is nevertheless based on some level of mutual trust. Some media critics questioned why the television networks, which granted Mr. Trump hundreds of hours of free exposure during the campaign, would agree to Monday’s terms. “They learned *nothing* over past 18 months of covering Trump,” tweeted Erik Wemple of The Washington Post. Television is of particular interest to Mr. Trump, who is a keen watcher of morning shows and this past weekend tweeted his displeasure at being mocked on an episode of “Saturday Night Live.” Coverage of Mr. Trump increased ratings and revenue at news networks, even as some executives conceded that, early in the race, the president-elect was granted too much free exposure. By the end of the campaign, Mr. Trump seemed to turn on certain networks and television journalists, in particular CNN, prompting supporters to chant anti-media slogans. Two people briefed on Monday’s meeting said that Mr. Trump seemed well versed in the networks’ ratings increase during the election and did not hesitate to bring the subject up. Mr. Trump is meeting with representatives of several news organizations this week, including The New York Times, where he is scheduled to speak on Tuesday with editors, reporters, columnists and the newspaper’s publisher. Reince Priebus, Mr. Trump’s chief of staff; Ivanka Trump, Mr. Trump’s daughter; and Ms. Conway are expected to accompany the president-elect to The Times, according to a person with direct knowledge of the meeting. The meeting was organized at the request of Mr. Trump’s team, Eileen Murphy, a spokeswoman for The Times, said on Monday. Mr. Trump is expected to speak on the record with Times reporters and columnists; there is also a short off-the-record session planned, which Hope Hicks, a spokeswoman for Mr. Trump, described as “an opportunity to discuss past and future coverage.” As a candidate, and now as president-elect, Mr. Trump has frequently attacked The Times, establishing the paper as a top target in his continuing feud with the media. Mr. Trump often refers to the “failing” New York Times and has threatened to sue the company for libel over an article about two women who accused him of touching them inappropriately years earlier. The Times angered Mr. Trump with some of its unflattering coverage during the campaign, including reports on his taxes, his treatment of women and his legal troubles with Trump University. Since being elected president, he has blasted out more criticisms, using Twitter to disparage the newspaper’s coverage and to claim it had lost “thousands of subscribers because of their very poor and highly inaccurate coverage of the ‘Trump phenomena.’” (The Times disputed that assertion, saying that it had added 41,000 net paid subscriptions for its news products in the week after the election.)
In the new political drama “Miss Sloane,” Jessica Chastain’s titular lobbyist explains how to win in Washington. You have to play your last trump card, she says, right after your opponents play their last trump card. Set for release on Friday, the film is filled with echoes of rhetoric straight from the campaign trail. But in the aftermath of Donald J. Trump’s presidential victory, has the story of a tough woman trying to make a difference in Washington been overtaken by current events? The filmmakers acknowledge that their project plays very differently than it would have had Hillary Clinton defeated Mr. Trump. But they say they can’t control how “Miss Sloane” will be perceived by filmgoers and critics in light of the election outcome. “This is a movie predicated on the idea of surprise,” the thriller’s director, John Madden (“Shakespeare in Love”), said last week. “But few developments could have been more surprising than the election results. For some reason, in film, being upended can be a very pleasurable experience, where in real life it often isn’t.” In the movie, Elizabeth Sloane is a ruthless conservative lobbyist who takes on the National Rifle Association and tries to get gun-control legislation passed. “You’re going to see the film differently through the prism of what’s happened, and it depends on which side of that argument you come from,” Mr. Madden said. “But these are such extraordinarily fluid and provocative times in the world that people’s interest in the political process is either completely exhausted or it’s extremely heightened.” And Ms. Chastain argued in a postelection interview: “I don’t think the movie is going to play to either side of the debate. It’s about a bipartisan bill, and it’s a bipartisan movie.” A two-hour-plus drama about a divisive issue represents a gamble in the superhero-driven marketplace, and the odds against “Miss Sloane” may have increased since Mr. Trump’s victory. “I’m sure they’re very nervous to be releasing a movie with an explicit political theme when the whole political landscape has suddenly changed,” said the film historian Peter Biskind, the author of “Easy Riders, Raging Bulls,” who has not seen the movie. An unexpected resonance with headlines can cut either way for a movie’s box-office prospects. “The China Syndrome” became a hit in 1979 after an accident at the Three Mile Island power plant in Pennsylvania moved nuclear-safety issues to the forefront. In more recent years, acts of mass violence may have depressed domestic turnout for films like “A Good Day to Die Hard,” released in 2013 after the Newtown, Conn., school shootings. The longtime Hollywood observer and author Mark Harris (“Pictures at a Revolution”), who has seen “Miss Sloane,” said current events outrun its story in one scene. “There’s a kind of wishfulness to the movie in that it assumes there are still scandals that could potentially demolish someone,” Mr. Harris said. “There’s a climactic moment in the movie that is premised on the belief that people will be shocked by what’s right in front of them. After this last campaign, I’m not sure that’s true.” Perhaps wish fulfillment isn’t the worst marketing strategy for the story of a woman trying to enact huge changes in Washington. “Hopefully, people will feel some catharsis,” Ms. Chastain said. “I see this movement happening now of women, minorities and other people who were surprised by the election’s outcome, and the film works very well for them. It’s like their fantasy world of D.C.” Mr. Madden concurred. “The film is an act of imagination,” he said. “The idea that a piece of gun legislation actually gets onto the table is far away from anything we can conceive, sadly, for the foreseeable future, or even in the last eight years. So in that respect, it is a fantasy.” An experienced female insider whose ethics are questioned, Miss Sloane bears a passing resemblance to Mrs. Clinton. While that wasn’t the intention, Ms. Chastain embraced, on behalf of her character, Mr. Trump’s description of Mrs. Clinton: “such a nasty woman.” “That was originally meant as an insult, then women claimed it and said, ‘It’s O.K. to be ambitious, strong and ruffle feathers,’” Ms. Chastain said. “So Elizabeth is a nasty woman, because for me, a nasty woman is a powerful woman who is overprepared for a debate, knows what she’s doing, is ambitious and not afraid to step forward.” Whatever its commercial reception, “I’m proud of the film,” Ms. Chastain said. “Elizabeth is a good representation of a woman who’s a perfectionist, really good at her job, and vicious — and you can still root for her in the end.” The British-born Mr. Madden has other reasons for optimism. When he attended a screening of the film the night after the election, “I was quite astounded there was anybody in the cinema,” he said. “In my country, those of us who were not happy with the ‘Brexit’ vote wandered around like zombies for three weeks, trying to understand the landscape we found ourselves in. I somehow imagined that might be true here. But people came to the film, and interestingly, they found it a relief.”
WASHINGTON — Senator Tim Kaine’s second-floor office is much as he left it, with a minifridge full of Virginia-made hummus and an iPod playlist heavy on bluegrass and classic rock. The trademark harmonicas have been holstered, at least for now, his audience shrinking from a spellbound national electorate to a spirited weekday gathering of the Virginia Chamber of Commerce. And his campaign plane? It was repurposed this past week to deliver the United States men’s soccer team to a match in Costa Rica, with only one lingering reminder — an H on the tail — of the first female presidential nominee for a major party in American history and the affable dad-jeans, purple-state running mate who traveled the country making her case. “I like feet on the ground,” Mr. Kaine said with a smile this past week, suggesting he was not dwelling on the trappings of temporary fame. He boarded an elevator in the basement of the Capitol, nowhere to go but up. Such is Mr. Kaine’s view from the great election comedown of 2016: that quadrennial moment of humility, electoral grieving and reverse culture shock, foisted upon members of the losing ticket as they resume less glamorous public lives. Secret Service agents are reassigned. Media scrums migrate elsewhere. The junior senator from Virginia is, as it turns out, a heartbeat away from very little. Yet as Mr. Kaine and his party seek to regain their bearings after a stunning loss, he has identified at least one task for himself in the interim: taking his place, as necessary, in the wall of opposition to President-elect Donald J. Trump. “The Democratic Senate minority is about the only emergency brake there is on the train right now,” Mr. Kaine said this past week, adding that the levers of obstruction must be used “judiciously.” “To avoid a disaster,” he added. “You use it to avoid something really bad for the country.” Though fellow Democrats, including aides to Hillary Clinton, have long trumpeted Mr. Kaine’s appeal to multiple constituencies — given his fluency in Spanish, genial manner and eloquence on matters of faith — his role in the party’s long-term future is unclear. Progressive activists have emerged from the election with a conviction that new voices must be elevated. Mr. Kaine, who is up for re-election in 2018, said that he would not seek the presidency or vice presidency in 2020. Liberal stars like Senator Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts and Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont have delivered stern, rousing addresses about the way forward. No one is clamoring for a Tim Kaine revolution. But as Senate Democrats gird for bruising policy squabbles and confirmation hearings in a Trump administration, they are expected to look to Mr. Kaine with particular urgency on foreign affairs. A member of the Foreign Relations and Armed Services committees, from a state with a major military presence, Mr. Kaine has made foreign policy a priority of his first term in the Senate. He has seized especially the issue of war powers, breaking with President Obama by calling for Congress to provide authorization for military action against the Islamic State. Among his arguments, as he sought to galvanize Democrats: There is no telling who might be president down the line. “With Trump’s maybe erratic foreign policy, his leadership is more important,” Senator Sherrod Brown of Ohio said of Mr. Kaine. “I mean, we were sad to lose him,” he added, referring to Mr. Kaine’s now-dashed prospects in the executive branch. “But we wanted to lose him, obviously.” Mr. Kaine’s purpose in recent days has seemed at times more therapeutic than strategic. With emotions still raw, he supplied a measure of catharsis for devastated supporters as he introduced Mrs. Clinton before her concession speech. He said what Mrs. Clinton chose not to — that she had won the popular vote — suggesting that the party’s ideals remained resonant despite the outcome. And he channeled William Faulkner to appraise the collective Democratic psyche. “They killed us,” Mr. Kaine said, “but they ain’t whooped us yet.” Among losing running mates through the years, soul searching has assumed different forms. After the Republican ticket’s defeat in 1976, Hubert H. Humphrey tried to lift the spirits of his despondent friend, Bob Dole, the party’s vice-presidential nominee, with an ice cream outing. After a loss in 1980, former Vice President Walter Mondale went on to be Democrats’ nominee for president in 1984, and lost 49 states to Ronald Reagan. Sarah Palin announced her resignation as Alaska governor eight months after she and Senator John McCain lost the 2008 election. Mr. Kaine, who has communicated occasionally with Mrs. Clinton since the defeat, is accustomed to jarring transitions. He recalled the day of his successor’s inauguration as governor of Virginia in 2010. “They take you home, and they drop you off and then they drive away,” he said. “I had the same feeling this time. Shaking hands with everybody was very emotional, but watching the cars drive away, I had an immense feeling of relief.” His most high-profile turn, a debate with Vice President-elect Mike Pence, attracted a smattering of critics, who chafed at his repeated interruptions of his opponent onstage. Mostly though, Mr. Kaine cultivated an unpretentious image during the campaign, introducing late-night comedy viewers to his assemblage of harmonicas, which remain in his briefcase, and urging voters to choose a “you’re hired” president instead of a “you’re fired” president. He often took the stage with a flurry of less-than-self-conscious gesticulations, like a third-base coach flashing signals, proving proficient at vigorous fist pumps and seemingly indiscriminate crowd-pointing. He once described life as a vice-presidential nominee, playfully, as being “kidnapped.” “The entourage felt cool on occasion,” he said this past week, “but it was never me. So this is more me.” Senator Benjamin L. Cardin, Democrat of Maryland, said he expected little change from the “energetically engaged, very well-informed” colleague he had come to know before the election. Mr. Cardin did express a measure of concern about Mr. Kaine’s short-term health. “He’s tired,” Mr. Cardin said. “He needs to gain a little weight back. He lost too much weight. But he’ll get back to his fighting weight.”
This has been a bad year for music legends. First David Bowie, Glenn Frey and Maurice White. Then Prince and George Martin. In the most recent sobering sequence, Leonard Cohen and Leon Russell. We have to face it — rock has grown old. Nothing brings out the indignation of a certain kind of rock ’n’ roll fan like the suggestion that the music of Little Richard, Jimi Hendrix, Kurt Cobain and other iconoclasts has aged with its audience. It’s like telling people they are someday going to die — it may be true, but no one wants to hear it, and anyway, why spoil the party? Rock’s core audience was born in the 1950s and ’60s, and its life span has kept expanding. Sixty years after Elvis appeared on “The Ed Sullivan Show,” rock concerts are raking in more money than ever. At the Desert Trip festival in Indio, Calif., last month, about 150,000 tickets were sold for two weekends of shows featuring six legends of 1960s rock — Bob Dylan, the Rolling Stones, Neil Young, Paul McCartney, the Who and Roger Waters — in one place. The headliners were born in the 1940s. The audience was all ages. There were wrinkled hippies and young families. There were college-age backpackers, white-haired fanny-packers and sleepy-eyed six-packers. Many of them had not been old enough to see the Beatles or go to Woodstock, but they were right on time to enjoy (depending on the price of their ticket) comfortable seats, wine vendors and chef-prepared cuisine, and plenty of decent restrooms. I was a long way from sleeping in the mud at Watkins Glen in 1973, waiting for the Band, the Grateful Dead and the Allman Brothers, and grateful for the improvement. But growing record sales? Not so much. The record business has evaporated for everyone not named Adele. Top 40 radio, which has always been for teenagers, is mostly devoted to post-rock pop and hip-hop. In 2016, rock is not teenage music. Rock is now where jazz was in the early 1980s. Its form is mostly fixed. From Louis Armstrong in the 1920s to Duke Ellington in the ’30s to Charlie Parker in the ’50s to Miles Davis in the ’60s, jazz evolved at superspeed and never looked over its shoulder. In the early 1980s, it began slowing down and looking back. The trumpeter and composer Wynton Marsalis returned to styles that Davis and Parker had abandoned and showed how much was still there to explore. Jazz moved into Lincoln Center, established a repertoire and assumed its place as “American classical music.” It was no longer controversial or evolving, at least in any popular form. That is where rock finds itself, in a stage of reflection on past glories. Rock-star memoirs are a booming business — Bob Dylan, the winner of the Nobel Prize for Literature, made it cool with “Chronicles: Volume One” in 2004. This fall, Bruce Springsteen, Robbie Robertson of the Band and the he said-he said Beach Boys Brian Wilson and Mike Love are looking back on long public lives. Rock ’n’ roll as we know it was named in the mid-1950s, born as a mix of black and white musical styles of the Deep South — blues, country and early R&B. A “new” invention, the electric guitar, replaced the horn section. The performer was usually the songwriter, and there was a standard of honesty, autobiography and (to use a word that was swung like a sword of judgment) authenticity in the rock musician that made him more artist than entertainer. In the 1980s rock got a boost from MTV and the compact disc, but the first signs of middle age were already showing. Rock became the soundtrack to Hollywood movies and TV commercials. At the same time, rap began to challenge rock’s domination of mainstream music. After the brief early ’90s insurgency of Nirvana, Pearl Jam and the grunge bands passed, rock became less interested in innovating than in repeating. A popular new rock band tended to sound a lot like beloved old rock bands, and the days when the Beatles moved in three years from the teen pop of “I Want to Hold Your Hand” to the experimentation of “Strawberry Fields Forever” were gone. Certainly, there are rock musicians who push the boundaries of the form. Bjork and P. J. Harvey change the rules with each new album and play to devoted followings — but they don’t fill arenas the way even second-tier bands did in the 1970s and ’80s. The musicians who wish to push rock forward are no longer in the mainstream, and the rock acts remaining there rarely challenge the old rules. It’s easy to imagine that a musician like Annie Clark, who performs as St. Vincent — original, theatrical and a fierce guitar-shredder — would have been a superstar if she had come along between 1966 and 1994. In 2016 she is a critic’s darling with a devoted cult following, sort of like the young jazz powerhouse Kamasi Washington. If rock has settled down, what has taken its disruptive place? Millions of hip-hop fans wait anxiously to see how Kendrick Lamar, Beyoncé and Kanye West will surprise them next. Hip-hop’s audience still rewards innovation. Hip-hop has learned a lot from rock, but hip-hop is not troubled by rock’s self-imposed restrictions. Rap songs have multiple writers and do not glorify instrumental soloists; hip-hop stars do not pretend to be uninterested in commerce. In the late 1980s, when Frank Sinatra was in his 70s — the age the Desert Trip stars are now — white-haired women who had once been bobby-soxers stood at his concerts and shouted, “Frankie, you’ve still got it!” Sinatra, a teen idol, had grown up and grown old with his audience. That is how popular music works. We fall in love with the singers of our youth, and the best of them travel with us through life. Sinatra spent his middle years singing songs like “Last Night When We Were Young” and lyrics about “the autumn of my years.” Dylan in his 50s sang, “It’s not dark yet, but it’s getting there.” I was a rock journalist from age 20 to 40 and produced music shows for MTV Networks from 40 to 60. I figured I had enjoyed a front-row seat for the best of it. I assumed that rock was the companion of my generation, and that my children would find a music of their own. My two daughters, born in 1987 and ’88, did as I expected — they progressed from the Spice Girls to Destiny’s Child to 50 Cent to Drake — the voices of their generation. But my son, born in 1994, surprised me. He and his friends were post-MTV, post-Top 40 radio. All the music ever made was on their computers and at their fingertips, and they did not pay attention to boundaries of genre or chronology. Tom Petty led them to the Byrds, which led them to the Everly Brothers. The “Rock Band” game was a steppingstone to Santana, which opened the door to Django Reinhardt. When my son was a teenager we went to the Bonnaroo festival in Tennessee for the Buffalo Springfield reunion and to New Orleans to see Stevie Wonder. My son got to see Prince, Mr. Cohen, Levon Helm, Mose Allison and Allen Toussaint before they died. On Sept. 19 he turned 22 and crossed the biggest remaining hero off his bucket list when he finally saw Tom Waits. Rock ’n’ roll certainly is for old people now. It’s for those young people who want it, too. Like any music that lasts, it’s for anyone who cares to listen. And if in 20 years midlife hip-hop fans are driving through the California desert to see a gray-haired Jay-Z and a balding Eminem? As Frank Sinatra sang when the Beatles were on top, “That’s life.” The only people who want to die before they get old are those too young to know better.
A selected guide to jazz performances in New York City. Full reviews of recent jazz performances: nytimes.com/jazz. A searchable guide to these and other shows is at nytimes.com/events. THE BAD PLUS (Monday) This hyperintelligent, crashingly heroic trio — Ethan Iverson on piano, Reid Anderson on bass, David King on drums — revives some proven old strategies on “It’s Hard.” That album, released this year, deftly reimagines familiar songs by popular figures ranging from Prince to Johnny Cash to the Yeah Yeah Yeahs. At 9 p.m., Rough Trade NYC, 64 North Ninth Street, Williamsburg, Brooklyn, roughtradenyc.com. (Nate Chinen) ★ CHICK COREA AT THE BLUE NOTE (through Sunday, Tuesday through Dec. 12, with some exceptions) Mr. Corea recently turned 75, and decided to celebrate with a big gesture: an eight-week club residency, in a variety of formats. He’ll play piano duets with several luminous partners this weekend: Brad Mehldau (Friday), Herbie Hancock (Saturday) and Gonzalo Rubalcaba (Sunday). On Tuesday and Wednesday he’ll team up with a longtime collaborator, the vibraphonist Gary Burton, and the Harlem String Quartet. For a full schedule, visit bluenote.net. At 8 and 10:30 p.m., Blue Note, 131 West Third Street, Greenwich Village, 212-475-8592. (Chinen) ★ ‘CÁNDIDO: THE LAST LEGENDARY MUSIC JOURNEY’ (Friday) Cándido Camero is a revered percussionist from Cuba, a cornerstone and exemplar of the Afro-Cuban pulse since the 1940s. He’s also 95, and planning to make his final performance here, in a gala concert celebrating his legacy. Among those paying tribute are the singer Xiomara Laugart and the guitarist and vocalist David Oquendo, both from Cuba; the Bobby Sanabria Multiverse Big Band; (U)nity, led by the Cuban-American drummer Amaury Acosta; and assorted others, like the saxophonist and flutist Mitch Frohman. At 7:30 p.m., Aaron Davis Hall, City College, West 135th Street and Convent Avenue, Hamilton Heights, 212-650-6900, citycollegecenterforthearts.org. (Chinen) ORRIN EVANS TRIO WITH KURT ROSENWINKEL (through Sunday) The pugnacious and resourceful postbop pianist Orrin Evans drew from childhood memories — of the television cartoon “G.I. Joe” — for the title of his new album, “#knowingishalfthebattle.” He also drew on shared regional identity, enlisting two prominent guitarists who also hail from the Philadelphia area: Kevin Eubanks, the former “Tonight Show” bandleader, and Mr. Rosenwinkel, who joins him here. At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., Jazz Standard, 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, 212-576-2232, jazzstandard.com. (Chinen) HEADS OF STATE (Friday through Sunday) The cumulative wisdom of this all-star collective — comprising the saxophonist Gary Bartz, the pianist Larry Willis, the bassist David Williams and the drummer Al Foster — simmers well throughout the band’s work on record. It should do the same this weekend, in the club where the band first formed. At 7, 9 and 10:30 p.m., Smoke, 2751 Broadway, at 106th Street, 212-864-6662, smokejazz.com. (Chinen) KONCEPTIONS AT KORZO (Tuesday) This weekly series typically features two bands in succession, upholding a high bar for quality. But next week’s installment looks especially strong, with a first set at 9 p.m. featuring Ethan Iverson on piano, Ben Street on bass and Eric McPherson on drums. Then at 10:30 p.m., the alto saxophonist Tim Berne spearheads a trio with Shahzad Ismaily on bass and Ches Smith on drums. At 667 Fifth Avenue, at 20th Street, Park Slope, Brooklyn, facebook.com/konceptions. (Chinen) ★ JASON MORAN AND THE BANDWAGON (Tuesday through Nov. 27) Mr. Moran, the pianist and composer, is coming to the close of another banner year — as a concert programmer, an interdisciplinary collaborator and the force behind his own label. The Bandwagon, his trio with the bassist Tarus Mateen and the drummer Nasheet Waits, still represents his baseline, and this engagement at the Vanguard has become a cherished staple of this time of year. At 8:30 and 10:30 p.m., Village Vanguard, 178 Seventh Avenue South, at 11th Street, West Village, 212-255-4037, villagevanguard.com. (Chinen) ★ MARIA SCHNEIDER ORCHESTRA (Tuesday through Nov. 27, except on Thanksgiving) This peerless large ensemble won two Grammy Awards in 2016: best large jazz ensemble album for “The Thompson Fields,” one of last year’s standout releases; and best arrangement, instruments and vocals, for a stand-alone track made with David Bowie. The accolades only begin to account for the high standard of artistry in the group, which begins with Ms. Schneider’s tonally evocative, emotionally lucid compositions — always the primary feature of this customary Thanksgiving-week residency at the Jazz Standard. At 7:30 and 9:30 p.m., 116 East 27th Street, Manhattan, 212-576-2232, jazzstandard.com. (Chinen) ‘THE SWING ERA: REVOLUTION IN RHYTHM’ (through Saturday) The Jazz at Lincoln Center Orchestra pays homage to the big-band heyday of the 1930s, performing music by Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman and Fletcher Henderson. Marcus Printup, a trumpeter in the orchestra, will take the reins for these performances, which also include period-inspired dancing by Paolo Pasta Lanna and the Rhythm Stompers. At 8 p.m., Rose Theater, Frederick P. Rose Hall, Jazz at Lincoln Center, 60th Street and Broadway, 212-258-9595, jazz.org. (Chinen) ★ TD JAMES MOODY JAZZ FESTIVAL (through Sunday) This stylistically varied jazz festival, presented by the New Jersey Performing Arts Center, concludes its fifth-annual edition this weekend with a strong focus on singers. Among the highlights is “Get On Up: A James Brown Celebration,” an all-star concert organized by the bassist Christian McBride, with guests including the soul belters Bettye LaVette, Sharon Jones and Lee Fields (Friday at 8 p.m., Prudential Hall). A tribute to Sarah Vaughan, one of Newark’s own, will feature Mr. McBride again with another batch of vocalists: Dianne Reeves, Sheila Jordan and Lisa Fischer (Saturday at 7:30 p.m., Victoria Theater). And Sunday brings the Sarah Vaughan International Jazz Vocal Competition, with some of the names just mentioned serving as judges (at 3 p.m., Victoria Theater). At 1 Center Street, Newark, 888-466-5722, njpac.org. (Chinen) ★ CHUCHO VALDÉS-JOE LOVANO QUINTET (Tuesday through Nov. 27) Mr. Valdés is a pianist from Havana who has contributed as much as anyone to modernist Afro-Cuban jazz. Mr. Lovano is a leading saxophonist in the postbop continuum, and one of the great small-group bandleaders of his time. They have been on tour for the last week with this rhythmically advanced band, featuring Gastón Joya on bass, Yaroldi Abreu Robles on percussion and Francesco Mela on drums. At 8:30 and 11 p.m., Birdland, 315 West 44th Street, Clinton, 212-581-3080, birdlandjazz.com. (Chinen)
KIEV, Ukraine — Few politicians in the world have had to undergo the same experience twice in their career and in different countries. Yet this is exactly what happened to me in Ukraine and Georgia. I was the president of Georgia for nine years, during which it went from a kleptocracy and failed state to a country that won international recognition for tackling corruption and became one of the easiest places in Europe to conduct business. Named the world’s top reformer by the World Bank in 2006, Georgia became a flagship among the countries of the former Soviet bloc. After my second presidential term in 2013, I left to pursue academic work in the United States for a time, and then returned to Ukraine — where, as a young man, I had spent several years at Kiev University. Responding to calls from my Ukrainian friends to help apply my experience in government, I arrived along with the wave of enthusiasm for reform that followed the Maidan revolution. I offered to work in Odessa, the largest region of Ukraine. It was highly unusual for a former president of another state to serve as a governor in a different country, but the very fate of Ukrainian statehood was at stake in Odessa. The province was not only riddled with local mafia groups infamous for their thuggishness, but it was also threatened by the conflict with Russian-backed separatists in the east. Odessa borders the breakaway region of Transnistria in Moldova, which is controlled by Moscow-backed separatists and Russian armed forces. I brought with me a group of professionals from my previous government, who started to overhaul Ukraine’s police force and helped to lead the country’s first anti-corruption agency. The reform of the police force was an immediate popular success, while the new anti-graft agency established several high-profile investigations. We seemed to have the encouragement of Ukraine’s president to push ahead. The city of Odessa was recovering from the clashes of May 2, 2014, with pro-Russian militants, in which scores of people were killed. Focusing on reconstruction and reform, I opened a competitive process to recruit the most talented Western-educated professionals to fill the leadership positions in district administrations. I created an economic development board to help local businessmen circumvent crooked officials in state agencies, and I invited Yulia Marushevska, a prominent young Maidan activist, to clean up Odessa’s customs service, which was notorious for bribery and kickbacks. We began a program of repairing roads and other infrastructure. We worked hard to raise standards in public services to new levels and restore security to the region. As the reform movement picked up pace and gained popularity, we suddenly ran into resistance where we least expected it — from people in prominent positions in government back in the capital, Kiev. The first sign of trouble was when I had to confront the then prime minister, Arseniy P. Yatsenyuk, over evidence of corruption involving government officials at a chemical plant in Odessa, one of the largest state-owned enterprises of its kind. Starting in January, I toured the country to publicize our anti-corruption “Cleaning Up Ukraine” movement in order to put pressure on the country’s leaders to put a stop to this graft by Ukraine’s ultrarich. In March, Ukraine’s Parliament voted to remove the prosecutor general, and the following month, the prime minister resigned. Ukraine’s president, Petro O. Poroshenko, pledged to crack down on the old practices and bring in greater transparency. That was more than seven months ago, yet we have not seen any major changes. There was no big clear-out of the cronies. I was left, instead, with the impression that local leaders of the president’s party were working to undermine the anti-corruption efforts. My administration was starved of funding for months, the appointment of several of my key deputies has been stalled, and some of our most able reformers have quit in frustration. Ms. Marushevska, the customs agency head whom I appointed, said she was harassed with trumped-up official reprimands. Similar tactics were used by the prosecutor general’s office, which raided the office of one of my advisers. Despite these aggressive searches, no charges have been filed. The final straw for me came when the online disclosures of Ukrainian officials’ personal wealth, the so-called e-declarations, were published last month. Here were the very public servants with whom I had to work on a daily basis shamelessly declaring the millions of dollars they had stashed under their mattresses. It was the decades-long rule of this post-Soviet kleptocratic elite that turned this potentially wealthy nation into one of the poorest countries in Europe. Ukraine need not be poor, but corrupt officials have systematically pillaged the country, robbing Ukrainians of the prosperity that should be theirs. While Ukraine’s soldiers are on the front line, heroically defending their country from Russian aggression, Ukraine’s elite keeps stripping the country of all it has left. In their lifestyle and mentality, Ukraine’s kleptocrats are identical to their counterparts in Russia’s oligarchy. The final freedom for Ukraine would be to free it not just from Russian aggression but also from the Russian-style political class that holds Ukraine back from its European aspirations. Back in 2001, after failing to persuade Georgia’s president, Eduard Shevardnadze, to force through meaningful reforms and get rid of his corrupt entourage, I resigned from the government. I went on to found Georgia’s United National Movement, which led to the 2003 Rose Revolution, which finally brought real reform to Georgia. The success of Georgia’s revolution served as an inspiration to many of the Maidan activists of 2014 in Ukraine. Just as with Mr. Shevardnadze, I’ve been severely disappointed with Mr. Poroshenko’s apparent inability to see that the status quo is unsustainable. Ukraine needs real change, not an imitation of it. Today, many of the reform initiatives we began have come to a halt. Just this week, Ms. Marushevska resigned from her post. After my repeat experience here, I decided to resign to found a new political party in Ukraine. This is an amazing country, full of hard-working, educated and talented people who deserve a much better future. Its greatest resource is the young, educated Ukrainians who, given the opportunity, would become effective, honest public servants and political leaders, eager to rid the country of corruption. Until now, Ukraine’s old corrupt establishment has discouraged and blocked these young reformers from assuming leadership positions in the public sector. I am pledged to help change that.
LOD, Israel — It would be easy to miss the mosque in a temporary building with a concrete floor and corrugated roof. But it is impossible to miss the constellation of six loudspeakers atop a giant metal structure resembling the Eiffel Tower. Five times a day, starting well before dawn, these loudspeakers broadcast the muezzin’s call to prayer in Lod, a city of Arabs and Jews near Ben-Gurion International Airport, and therein lies one more friction point in a country full of them. One group’s expression of faith is another’s noise pollution, and Israel’s government is planning a crackdown. A proposal backed by Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and initially endorsed this week by his ministers would authorize the government to ban the use of loudspeakers by mosques and other houses of worship across Israel. For many on both sides of the nation’s sectarian line, few questions could prove more provocative than whether the muezzin should be muzzled. “The call to prayer is a symbol of Islam,” said Adel Elfar, the imam of the Lod mosque, one of several that have been controversial here. “This is something that’s existed for 1,426 years.” He said that he could hear bells from a Christian church in town and that Jewish residents drove around the city every couple of months broadcasting from loudspeakers on their vehicles. “The call of every religion, if you get rid of extremism, shouldn’t bother anybody,” he added. And yet it does. Among those bothered is Lod’s mayor, Yair Revivo, who is Jewish and announced last month that the city would broadcast the Shema, a central prayer that begins “Hear O Israel,” to counter the mosques’ call. The first of Islam’s five daily prayers begins before dawn, noted Col. Motti Yogev, a member of Parliament who introduced the new ban. “The goal of the law is to prevent people’s sleep from being disturbed,” he said. “We have no desire to harm the prayer of the Muslims.” The fight over the muezzin underscores a fundamental societal challenge for Israel beyond its conflict with Palestinians living in Gaza or the occupied West Bank. About 20 percent of Israel’s citizens are Arabs, and cities like Lod, where about a third of the nearly 73,000 residents are Arab, perennially struggle to find a comfortable balance. The conflict has also grown in Jerusalem, which is divided between largely Jewish and Arab communities. The proposed ban, approved on Sunday by Mr. Netanyahu’s ministers and sent to Parliament, has drawn denunciations from Jordan and the Palestinian Authority. In a sign of the complexity of the issue, it drew surprise opposition on Tuesday from Israel’s ultra-Orthodox health minister, Yaakov Litzman, who temporarily blocked parliamentary debate and sent the issue back to the ministers because it might also affect the use of sirens to announce the beginning of the Jewish Sabbath. Ahmad Tibi, a leader of the Arab members of the Israeli Parliament, or Knesset, said Mr. Netanyahu was inflaming anti-Muslim sentiments. “If the muezzin law passes the Knesset, I call on the Arab public in Israel to rise up; I call for a civil popular uprising,” he told a Lebanese television outlet. “All Muslims must be called to protect mosques, to defend the calls from the mosques.” Amnon Beeri-Sulitzeanu of the Abraham Fund Initiatives, a nonprofit organization that promotes coexistence between Jews and Arabs, said the proposal conflicted with Mr. Netanyahu’s recent drive to increase investment in Arab communities to reduce gaps in educational and economic opportunities. “You see those two conflicting trends yet again, which basically tells me that the Israeli establishment still hasn’t made up its mind in regard to its Arab citizens,” he said. “What do we want from the Arab Palestinian minority? Do we want to really integrate it and include it as an integrated part of Israeli society?” The text of the proposed ban on mosque loudspeakers says that “hundreds of thousands of citizens” in parts of Israel “suffer habitually and daily from loud and unreasonable noise that is caused by the call of muezzin from mosques.” Colonel Yogev said it could be narrowed to apply only to sleeping hours. Mr. Netanyahu has said he is trying to balance competing interests. “Israel is committed to freedom for all religions, but is also responsible for protecting citizens from noise,” he said this week. In Lod, which traces its history to the days of Canaan, frustration over the mosques has grown as more Jewish residents have moved in since the evacuation of settlements in Gaza a decade ago. There is already a noise law on the books, but advocates of the new legislation said it was not applied to the muezzin. “If someone is having a karaoke party with loudspeakers at night and you call the police, they will come and take down the loudspeakers,” said Amichai Langfeld, a member of the City Council. “But if you call about the mosque, they won’t.” Under existing law, Mr. Langfeld added, the police must test the level of the call to prayer — or of any noise — to see if it exceeded the limit. The new law would simply ban loudspeakers. At Mr. Elfar’s mosque, the call to prayer was broadcast on Tuesday at 4:45 a.m., 11:25 a.m., 2:21 p.m., 4:47 p.m. and 6:05 p.m. The tension over the loudspeakers was easy to detect in a visit to a clothes and jewelry market a few blocks away. Several Jewish shoppers and salespeople said that they did not mind the call during daylight hours, but that the earliest one invariably woke them up. Some described trying to muffle the noise with curtains or blankets, often to little effect. Naama Reichmann, 32, who moved to Lod about five years ago, said the 4:45 a.m. call made it hard for her and her 2-year-old daughter to sleep through the night. “We don’t say they can’t do it, but not so loud,” she said. Chaim Koti, 80, who was selling clothes, was more pointed. “They do it intentionally loud in order to bother us,” he said. A few feet away, a group of Muslim vendors said the proposal to limit the muezzin was a slap in the face to them. They noted that the call to prayer had been sounded in Lod since long before Mr. Netanyahu came to power. “There’s hate for Arabs,” said Muhyi Sharabati, 22. “There are people who are against Islam.” Safiya Matweeye, 19, said the authorities should focus on crime and violence instead of things that could discourage prayer. “It’s a good thing, because people come to pray instead of shooting each other in the street,” she said. “Religion keeps people honest.” As they spoke, the afternoon call to prayer sounded. No one looked up. After a few minutes, it was over, the latest trumpet in Israel’s culture war.
BEIJING — The founder of a Chinese brand of high-tech toilets called Trump said he had no intention of soiling the name of America’s next president. Zhong Jiye, the founder, said he had not heard of Donald J. Trump when he registered the English name of his company, Shenzhen Trump Industrial Company Limited, as a trademark in 2002. In Chinese, the company name means “innovate universally,” he said, highlighting how the toilet seats warm and wash the user’s backside. That Chinese name, he explained, also sounds a little like “trump.” “We really didn’t know of this person called Trump,” Mr. Zhong said in a telephone interview from the southern Chinese city of Shenzhen. “It was entirely a coincidence.” In the United States, Mr. Trump’s name has adorned ties, steaks, water and other products. In China, it is found on computers, cosmetics, even leather goods. The difference: Many such Chinese products don’t have the president-elect’s permission. Of the 46 registered trademarks under the Trump name in China, 29 appear to be owned by Mr. Trump, based on data with the country’s trademark office. At least 14 companies not associated with Mr. Trump applied for the Trump trademark in 2015 and 2016 alone, according to Itaotm, a Chinese commercial trademark website. The situation highlights the difficulties that big brands and celebrities face as they navigate the country’s relatively new trademark laws. In China, trademarks are generally awarded to those who are first to file with the government. That has given rise to a crush of people registering the names of well-known brands, in a practice known as “trademark squatting.” Many Western companies like Apple and Starbucks have been caught up in long legal battles to win the right to use their names in China. In May, a Chinese company won the right to sell its leather goods under the iPhone trademark after years of legal wrangling with Apple. Michael Jordan lost the rights to the name he is known by in China. New Balance paid $16 million in damages for what a court said was the illegal use of the Chinese name for the company, which a person had trademarked. “It’s very difficult to prove bad faith,” said Matthew Dresden, a lawyer with Harris Moure in Seattle who specializes in Chinese intellectual property law. “It’s very hard to prove that your name is well known at the time that the application is filed.” Mr. Trump has fought at least once to get his name back. In 2015, he lost a legal battle against a businessman in the northern province of Liaoning, Dong Wei, to prevent him from using the Trump name for a construction company, according to a website run by China’s Supreme Court. Then the decision was reversed. A notice issued on China’s trademark office website on Sunday said that Mr. Trump’s trademark had been granted preliminary approval for use in construction services. The Wall Street Journal reported the decision on Monday. Alan Garten, general counsel of the Trump Organization, did not immediately respond to an emailed request for comment. Mr. Trump isn’t the first world leader wrapped up in a name dispute in China. In 2004, the country’s government officials were not favorably inclined when a Chinese businessman tried to register the Chinese name of former President George W. Bush for a brand of disposable diapers. The officials said the application was likely to be rejected “because it may bring about bad social impact if a leader’s name is registered as a trademark,” according to state media. Mr. Zhong, of the toilet maker Shenzhen Trump, said he had not received a challenge from Mr. Trump or his company. Still, he said, he “will never” give up his trademark easily, if Mr. Trump decides to sue. “Litigating is his right,” Mr. Zhong said. “But we will let the government make its judgment. We believe the country’s laws will protect businesses like us.” Mr. Zhong said he approved of Mr. Trump’s “courageous style and spirit of reform.” He also liked Mr. Trump’s “innovative ideas.” When asked about the criticism directed toward Mr. Trump in the United States, Mr. Zhong said, “Democratic countries are like that. I think a transformation is not bad at all.”
On Sunday afternoon, the composer Lei Liang looked on silently as the ensemble Loadbang made its second pass through his “Lakescape V.” For seven years a commission from the busy Mr. Liang had been on a wish list kept by the group, an unusual quartet consisting of trumpet, trombone, bass clarinet and baritone voice. It became a fixed point on the calendar nearly three years ago, when a concert of Mr. Liang’s music was scheduled for Thursday, part of the Miller Theater’s Composer Portrait series. But the musicians received their parts only several weeks ago and the coaching by the composer gave them just five days to close the distance between written page and performance. “That’s right!” Mr. Liang exclaimed after clarifying the articulation of the opening, an effect like the passing of granular hail through funnel clouds. “This time I can hear the particles swirling around.” Sounds that have long occupied the imagination must eventually make the leap to flesh and bone, wood and brass. The materials of “Lakescape V,” a departure from its more tranquil “Lakescape” series forerunners, have had an even greater distance across which to spring. They are a conceptual shift from earlier Liang works, including some selected for his Portrait concert: “Serashi Fragments” (2005), a string quartet inspired by a Mongolian chaorer (two-stringed fiddle); “Ascension” (2008), a rollicking brass quintet with percussion; and “Luminous” (2014), a concerto for the dexterous contrabass player Mark Dresser recently released on New World Records. In the past, Mr. Liang’s works often focused on storytelling, frequently reconstructing memories of his native China. The saxophone concerto “Xiaoxiang,” a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize in 2015, was inspired by the tale of a villager whose husband was killed by a Communist official during the Cultural Revolution. This emphasis on storytelling hasn’t changed in “Lakescape V.” But the technology that Mr. Liang encountered during a three-year residency from 2013-16 at the California Institute for Telecommunications and Information Technology’s Qualcomm Institute fundamentally shifted his perception of space. “Think of it like a bird that can fly into a painting, like the animated perspective of a drone,” he explained in an interview, describing his new style. “You can look at something very closely — or pull away. You can create swift transitions between what you choose to see.” For “Hearing Landscapes” (2015), Mr. Liang worked alongside a team of Qualcomm Institute engineers whose robotic imager scanned paintings by the Chinese artist Huang Binhong (1865-1955), a master at creating the illusion of depth. Extremely high-resolution scans — more than four billion pixels, enough to fill 2,000 HD televisions at native resolution — give viewers the sense of penetrating two-dimensional surfaces and being immersed in the painting, as in virtual reality. “I felt like I was standing on a mountain,” Mr. Liang said of the first time he saw one of the paintings projected at the institute. Using multichannel speakers, “Hearing Landscapes” tried to transform this visual experience into an aural one. Mr. Liang continues to explore the kind of multiple, shifting perspectives that evoke the scanner’s joystick navigation, as in a coming commission for the Boston Modern Orchestra Project. Listening to Loadbang’s rehearsal of “Lakescape V,” delicate multiphonic notes built up layers of pitches. Duos shimmered over musical drones. A section called “Composing the wind” explored air sounds, altering a listener’s sense of the space around the instruments, tracing their serpentine tubing. Then the showers of particles returned: deconstructed syllables from a poem in Mandarin by Wai-Lim Yip. “‘Fei’ is the word for ‘fly,’” Mr. Liang explained to the musicians. “‘Out of darkness we fly.’ There’s a leap. It’s transcendent.”
Mose Allison, a pianist, singer and songwriter who straddled modern jazz and Delta blues, belonging to both styles even as he became a touchstone for British Invasion rockers and folksy troubadours, died on Tuesday at his home in Hilton Head, S.C. He was 89. His death was confirmed by the singer and songwriter Amy Allison, his daughter. Mr. Allison began his professional career as a piano player, at a time when his style — percussive and jaunty, carried along by a percolating beat — suited the sound of the jazz mainstream. In addition to leading his own trio, he worked with some of the major small-group bandleaders of the late 1950s, including the saxophonists Stan Getz and Gerry Mulligan. But he found greater success, and a singular niche, as a singer of his plain-spoken, pungently observant songs, beginning in the early ’60s. For the next 50 years he worked almost exclusively as the leader of his own groups. Mr. Allison used his cool, clear voice to conversational effect, with an easy blues inflection that harked back to his upbringing in rural Mississippi. Backing himself at the piano, he favored a loose call and response between voice and instrument, or between right and left hands, often taking tangents informed by the complex harmonies and rhythmic feints of bebop. His artistic persona, evident in his stage manner as well as his songs, suggested a distillation of folk wisdom in a knowing but unpretentious package. He was especially revered by 1960s English rockers who idolized the blues, and who saw in his example an accessible ideal. John Mayall recorded “Parchman Farm,” Mr. Allison’s ironic adaptation of a prison blues; so did the English rhythm-and-blues singer Georgie Fame. Other songs by Mr. Allison found their way onto albums by the Yardbirds, the Kinks and the Clash. The Who based their world-beating anthem “My Generation” partly on his “Young Man Blues,” which the band also featured as the opening track on its 1970 album, “Live at Leeds.” Mr. Allison’s tunes were covered almost as widely by his fellow Americans, including the blues artists Paul Butterfield and Johnny Winter, the country-soul singer Bobbie Gentry and, more recently, the jazz vocalist and pianist Diana Krall. The Pixies, a pace-setting alternative-rock band, named an album track “Allison” in his honor. In a 1986 interview with the pianist Ben Sidran, conducted for NPR, Mr. Allison grouped his material into three categories: slapstick, social comment and personal crisis. “Sometimes,” he added, “all three of those elements wind up in a tune.” Many of his songs inhabit an air of wry amusement or exasperated skepticism, often pivoting on a single phrase. He skewered hypocrisies in “Everybody’s Cryin’ Mercy,” recorded by Bonnie Raitt, and mastered the sardonic put-down in “Your Mind Is on Vacation (And Your Mouth Is Working Overtime),” covered by Elvis Costello. For all of his elder-statesman eminence in rock, Mr. Allison never stopped seeing himself as a jazz artist. “My definition of jazz is music that’s felt, thought and performed simultaneously,” he said in “Ever Since I Stole the Blues,” a 2006 BBC documentary. “And that’s what I’m looking for every night.” Mose John Allison Jr. was born on Nov. 11, 1927, on a family cotton farm near Tippo, Miss. His mother taught elementary school and his father, a self-taught stride piano player, owned a general store. A service station across the road had a jukebox, on which Mr. Allison heard blues singers like Memphis Minnie and Tampa Red. He began taking piano lessons at 5 and was playing in bands as a young teenager — around the same time he wrote his first song, “The 14-Day Palmolive Plan,” a satirical jab at radio commercials in the style of the saxophonist, singer and bandleader Louis Jordan’s jump blues. His main hero then was Nat King Cole, a well-regarded jazz pianist who had begun singing with his trio in a smoothly urbane style. For a while Mr. Allison also played the trumpet, on local gigs and, after he joined the Army in 1946, with the 179th Army Ground Forces Band. He had put in a year at the University of Mississippi before his service, and he briefly returned to Ole Miss — one reason, perhaps, for his sobriquet “the William Faulkner of jazz,” popularized by Mr. Sidran. But he soon lost interest in his chosen field, chemical engineering. He ended up graduating from Louisiana State University with an English degree and then briefly worked the Southern club circuit. Moving to New York City in 1956, Mr. Allison found work as a jazz pianist, initially with the saxophonist Al Cohn. He joined a successful quintet led by Mr. Cohn and his fellow saxophonist Zoot Sims. His style had evolved, in line with modernists like Lennie Tristano and Thelonious Monk, but he still had a trace of the South in his earthy attack, and in his untroubled relationship with blues inflection. Mr. Allison recorded his debut album, “Back Country Suite,” for Prestige in 1957. A song cycle for piano trio inspired by his down-home roots, it was well reviewed but not a great commercial success. The same was true of “Local Color,” his second album, which introduced “Parchman Farm.” At the time, his unorthodox musical blend often ran up against preconceived notions of style. “In the South, I’m considered an advanced bebop type,” he told DownBeat magazine in 1958. “In New York, I’m considered a country blues-folk type. Actually, I don’t think I’m either. Maybe I’m a little of both.” Still, his star rose enough for him to be signed by Columbia Records, which in 1960 released “The Transfiguration of Hiram Brown,” an ambitious suite with a loosely autobiographical theme: the excitement and disillusionment of a young man who has moved from the country to the city. (Mr. Allison later returned to this subject on “If You’re Going to the City,” a signature tune.) But “Transfiguration” produced middling sales; Prestige did far better with a 1963 compilation of his vocal sides, simply titled “Mose Allison Sings.” By that time, Mr. Allison’s move to Atlantic Records had begun to sharpen his reputation as a singer and songwriter. His first album for the label, “I Don’t Worry About a Thing,” released in 1962, introduced several of his best-known tunes, including the title track, a blues that deflates its own trite expression with a caustic addendum: “’Cause I know nothing’s going to be all right.” When Atlantic released “The Word From Mose” in 1964, the album cover featured a memorable tagline next to Mr. Allison’s photograph: “Words of wisdom from the jazz sage.” Rather than make a pop or rhythm-and-blues album for the label, Mr. Allison stuck to his hybrid style, and his relatively modest commercial profile. He settled down on Long Island, where he lived for more than 40 years with his family before moving to Hilton Head Island. In addition to his daughter Amy, Mr. Allison is survived by his wife of 65 years, Audre; two other daughters, Janine and Alissa Allison; a son, John; and two grandchildren. While Mr. Allison released fewer albums from the mid-1970s on, he never stopped writing songs, in his dryly satirical vein. The title track of one album in the ’80s was “Middle Class White Boy.” A later album — released in the early 1990s, when he was 66 — opens with “Certified Senior Citizen,” followed by its incredulous pushback, “This Ain’t Me.” For many years Mr. Allison kept up a busy touring schedule, typically with a trio. He reached some of his biggest audiences as an opening act for Van Morrison, who in 1996 made the album “Tell Me Something: The Songs of Mose Allison,” with Mr. Sidran and Mr. Fame. (Mr. Allison turned up as a guest on a couple of tracks.) Mr. Allison’s final studio album, “The Way of the World,” was released on the British independent label Anti- in 2010. Produced by Joe Henry, who had coaxed him out of semiretirement, it finds him in an autumnal but still trenchant frame of mind, despite plaints to the contrary on the opening tune, “My Brain.” The title track, set at a saunter, has the bittersweet resignation of an old man taking stock of what he’s seen. A live album recorded in 2006, “Mose Allison American Legend, Live in California,” was released in 2015. In recent years Mr. Allison stopped performing but kept receiving accolades. A marker with his name and biographical details was added to the Mississippi Blues Trail in 2012. The next year, he was recognized as a National Endowment for the Arts Jazz Master, the highest honor for jazz musicians. At the induction ceremony in Manhattan, Mr. Allison accompanied his daughter Amy at the piano in a version of his ballad “Was.” A parlor waltz with connotations both mortal and memorial, it begins with some verb-tense wordplay, quickly turning poignant:
In the week since Donald J. Trump’s election as president of the United States, much has been written about the potential conflicts of interest a sitting president with a global business may encounter (among other things). Less attention, however, has been paid to the even fuzzier situation of the close family members of a sitting president, and their business interests — though on Monday, it became clear that this is another potential minefield, at least when it comes to the first daughter Ivanka Trump and a brand that is largely built on her image. A group of journalists, including reporters at The New York Times and Vogue, received an email from Ivanka Trump Fine Jewelry, the upscale brand Ms. Trump founded in 2007, entitled “Style Alert” and touting “Ivanka Trump wearing her favorite bangle from the Metropolis Collection on ‘60 Minutes.’” The bangle, a gold-and-diamond bracelet that costs $10,800 on her website, was clearly pictured on her wrist during her interview with her father, stepmother and grown siblings with Lesley Stahl on Sunday night. Such emails are not uncommon among fashion brands, which tend to trumpet every celebrity sighting in their products to the world at large. What was different about this email, however, was that it came not from the communications office, but from the vice president for sales, the person in a brand who would generally work with a company’s wholesale partners (in Ms. Trump’s case, stores such as Neiman Marcus in Georgia, Florida and Illinois, and Charles Schwartz & Son in Washington, D.C.). And that after pointing out the bracelet, it urged recipients to “Please share this with your clients.” In other words, it used Ms. Trump’s appearance by her father’s side to directly promote the selling of her products. When reached, Monica Marder, the vice president, said repeatedly, “I am not available for comment,” and then, when asked if she had sent the email, hung up the phone. But a day later, Abigail Klem, president of the Ivanka Trump brand, said: “This notification was sent by a well-intentioned marketing employee at one of our companies who was following customary protocol, and who, like many of us, is still making adjustments post-election. We are proactively discussing new policies and procedures with all of our partners going forward.” This is not the first time Ms. Trump’s brands have used her role in her father’s political career for marketing purposes. In July, Ms. Trump wore a dress from her own collection to introduce her father at the Republican National Convention (she also wore her own brand shoes and jewelry). The next day, her company tweeted out a picture of her from the podium with the words “Shop Ivanka’s look from her #RNC speech” and a link to the Macy’s website, where a similar style from the brand was offered. The $138 dress reportedly sold out in a day. At the time, the decision was met with some opprobrium, even though the stakes were lower. Mr. Trump has stated that his children will have no formal roles in his White House, because they will be running his business, and there is no law that prohibits presidential relatives from continuing their own business, though Section 713 of Title 18 of the United States Code forbids the use of likenesses of the presidential seal for promotional purposes. Ms. Trump has not come close to that, but the appearance is still ethically blurred. Whether or not Ms. Trump knew of the bracelet email before it was sent, her name is still on the top of the alert. In the past, attempts by relatives to profit from a connection to a president, such as Billy Carter’s introduction of Billy Beer during his brother Jimmy’s administration, and the creation of Roger Clinton’s band, Politics, during his half brother Bill’s terms in office, were roundly deemed inappropriate. The tension between Ms. Trump’s position on her father’s transition team and her unofficial, but powerful, role as a representative of women and the younger generation in his organization, and the fact that she is her own best ad and her brand is thus understandably using her as a celebrity, makes the issue even more complicated, and it underscores her status in the public eye and the amount of attention she will incur. The question now is how she uses it.
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
Since 23 June, the choice to leave the European Union has been debated in Britain largely as if it were a reflexive action – something the nation does to itself. But Brexit must also be understood transitively – something this country does to other countries. Naturally, domestic considerations dominate the discussion, especially since separation talks have not begun. But as the outline of those negotiations comes into view, it is essential that more attention is given to perspectives from across the channel. That picture is far from simple. The EU position will combine the interests of individual member states and the priorities of supra-national institutions, as David Davis had occasion to remember on a trip to Brussels last week. The Brexit secretary met Guy Verhofstadt, the former Belgian prime minister who will represent the European parliament in the divorce negotiations.MEPs must approve any final agreement and they cannot be expected to rubber-stamp anything. No EU leader welcomes the imposition of Brexit on to an already difficult agenda. France, the Netherlands and Germany all hold elections next year in which European solidarity will be corroded by insurgent nationalism. A constitutional referendum in Italy next week could destroy the government there. The eurozone debt crisis is in remission, not cured. This context makes the UK’s negotiating position weaker in two ways. First, embattled governments are disinclined to make time for British concerns. Second, a perception that Brexit is one of many forces conspiring to undo the whole European project strengthens the feeling that Britain cannot be seen to be rewarded for an act of destabilising, unilateral adventurism. That is the view taken by the commission’s lead negotiator, Michel Barnier, who also met Mr Davis. Mr Barnier said the encounter was a “courtesy visit” granted at the Brexit secretary’s request – a formulation that underlines EU officials’ refusal to be drawn into any substantial discussion before article 50 is triggered.There is a tendency in Britain to caricature “Brussels” as a single entity that can be made to dispense concessions. But Brexit cannot be understood as one deal between the UK and the EU, because the EU itself is a negotiated entity – a complex system with multiple points of power and shifting internal dynamics. It is a process not a place.There is also a complacent British habit of thinking that leaders from big countries can override fiddly EU diplomacy in ad hoc deals. David Cameron vastly overestimated Angela Merkel’s capacity to influence the outcome of his failed attempt to renegotiate membership. That mistake is repeated in the minds of Brexiters who think that economic interests – the need to retain access to UK markets for German exporters – will trump all other considerations. Their presumption ignores the premium that all EU governments, and Germany’s in particular, place on the long-term integrity of the European project. It does not matter that Theresa May’s stated intent is for a mutually beneficial trading arrangement.In principle, any Brexit is hostile to the interests of those with whom she wants to do a deal. This problem must be better communicated to the British public, not just to prepare people for inevitable compromise but because the negotiations won’t make any sense without recognition that the rest of the EU perceives itself to be mitigating an existential threat. Lord Kerr, the former British diplomat who helped draft article 50, sagely advised ministers this week to let MPs consider a green paper explaining “to the country what the choices are and what the upsides and downsides are of the various [Brexit] options”.The cost-benefit equation of Brexit for Britain has so far been formulated only in economic terms. This week’s autumn statement brought the fiscal implications of an uncertain future into sharp relief. That has revived speculation about a national change of heart; perhaps a second referendum as mooted separately by Tony Blair and John Major this week. Their voices can easily be dismissed by Brexiters as anguished cries from an ancien regime, unworthy of attention in the revolutionary world post-referendum. But the former prime ministers’ observation that voters are yet to confront the real cost of what is in store, and that their opinions might shift, is unarguably true. As the talks draw nearer, it will become clearer that the UK is not only imposing a financial penalty on itself but forcing a burden on essential allies at a time when the international order looks precarious enough already.
Thanks for getting involved today in a broad discussion involving Donald Trump, Brexit and a northern “brain drain” in the UK. We’ll be back next week with another opportunity to discuss the week’s news and features with our journalists below the line, but in the meantime you can get in touch with any feedback. Email sarah.marsh@theguardian.com or matthew.holmes@theguardian.com with suggestions, or continue the conversation below, where we’ll also be checking in. Have a great weekend.Lastly from us today, we’ll leave you with this: random hugs all round!   normanshovel 25 November 2016 4:21pmIf you ever feel like you're have the joy of being alive suffocated out of you by nihilistic journalism and opinion pieces, one thing that's worth hanging on to: I've met a lot of middle class liberal Guardian reading types recently, they're alright if you know how to take them, can be a bit weird and intense about some things, but they are not that much different from everyone else. My advice , if you're coming home from work and you spot a MCLG-type, give them a random hug. It doesn't matter how sweaty or work-dirty you are, just do it!Thanks Norman. Each week we ask our team of moderators to highlight a conversation they enjoyed reading or felt was particularly constructive or interesting.First today was the discussion below a news article after it was announced that the UK was to censor online videos of “non-conventional” sex acts. Many readers disagreed with the plan.What, how and why? The UK's new online porn restrictions explained Read more‘No place in a free and open society’   ranelagh75 23 November 2016 12:36pmThis sort of censorship has no place in a free and open society.Adults should be free to consume whatever material they want, regardless of how distasteful others may find it, provided all subjects involved are performing with consent.End of story.‘Stunningly, hilariously naive’   Trumbledon 23 November 2016 12:39pmThe only thing more astonishing than the fact this ban is happening at all, is the fact it appears the people enforcing it think it'll be possible to enforce.Stunningly, hilariously naive.‘Who was even pushing for this to happen?’   jgw791 23 November 2016 12:52pmRight so it's now illegal to show female ejaculation which in itself is not only legal but perfectly natural. But films can still show terrorism, violence, drug use and murder.Or how about sports like UFC, it's not really conventional to beat someone until they pass out.It's completely illogical, and furthermore who was even pushing for this to happen ?“Government should not be regulating what is moral ... just what is consenting’   crankyreader 24 November 2016 5:28amWhat the hell kind of a category is "unconventional acts"? Who gets to define that? When it comes to sex, government should not be in the business of regulating what is moral, normal, decent, or conventional; just what is CONSENTING.What do you think? Click on the comments to explore the conversation further or share your views below the line here. London for one reader wasn’t paved with gold    Terence Cass 25 November 2016 4:02pmMy experience in living in "London" for short periods in Lewisham, Golders Green and Selsdon was that most people lived in their own enclave . The idea of "living in London" seemed far from the truth. I did have a stepson who gave up his job as a supervisor in Tescos in Northants where he could have afforded a nice flat to go to London so he could go to the top clubs like Ministry of Sound. For that he lived in a room no bigger than a coffin. he had to put his bedside table on the bed to open or close the door. how many in London like him? In September, Fabric had its licence revoked following the deaths of two 18-year-olds who took ecstasy while at the venue. Three months later, after an impressive campaign from the nightlife community, the club is set to reopen. Fabric nightclub to reopen under strict new licensing conditions Read moreA deal was struck between Fabric, the Met and Islington council. It’s not plain sailing though; Fabric has agreed to 32 conditions that include new ID scanning systems, enhanced searching, covert surveillance within the club, lifetime bans for anyone found in possession of drugs and no entry for anyone under 19. The licensing conditions are evidence that the council and police still prioritise a “zero-tolerance” approach to drugs in clubs (which, let’s be honest, is probably impossible to ever achieve) over anything else, such as pragmatically improving the safety of those inside.   Photograph: Carl Court/Getty ImagesWhether clubbers will care to enter a venue that has to enforce a draconian level of security simply to listen to music and dance will be the biggest worry for Fabric’s management. On a more positive note, London (and the UK’s) nightlife community has never seemed more focused and active; Fabric’s closure provoked real action. But while the club may be set to reopen, do you feel that London’s nightlife has been saved?  Leaving the north of England for London is, for some, the only way to find work – that is according to a new study that says there is a “brain drain” from the north, with 310,000 graduates moving south in the last decade.The great northern brain drain: 'I daydream about moving back' Read moreReaders shared their experiences above the line in this article commissioned to further tell the story, and there was lively debate after it was published – many of you also telling stories of moving the other way.‘London’s great for the weekend, up north is better for an asthmatic’   Lazyasalurcher 21 November 2016 10:00pmLived in London (well, one of the suburbs at the end of the Met line) most of my life. Loved the city, the food, the nightlife, the culture etc.Moved up north, miss the things that make London great. Don't miss the traffic, the pollution, the crush of people on the tube. Love the walks in the countryside up here, love the accent.London's great for the weekend, up north is better for a middle aged wheezing asthmatic with an energetic hound.‘Organizations need to get their HQs out of London’   ksquared 21 November 2016 8:48pmOrganizations need to get their HQs OUT of London. All those charities REALLY don't need to be there. They can have a small media/advocacy office that they share with other orgs and move the entire rest of their staff somewhere cheaper. In the meantime they are wasting their supporters' money on London wages and rents, and doing nothing to support a better economic balance in this country. Drives me crazy.‘I’d love to move back to Manchester’   Erica9 21 November 2016 8:26pmI'd love to move back to Manchester. The reminder that our mayor is a former "Mr Gay UK" just made me well up with pride. An affordable, liberal city with character. Problem is - I've looked for jobs in my specialist field ever since I graduated, and haven't seen a thing. Stuck down here in my overpriced 5 person house share in the south.  The front page of the Manchester Guardian newspaper, 5 May 1821. Photograph: Frank Baron for the Guardian‘The Guardian can help the north and save itself financially by moving back there’   bartelbe 21 November 2016 10:17pmThe Guardian can help the North and save itself financially by moving back north. With modern communication technlogy there is no good reason to be in London. Sell the Guardian London building and rent inexpensive offices up north.Surely the survival of the Manchester Guardian is more important than the desire of Guardian writers to live in London?And one more – presumably from the West Midlands?   turpin_looms 21 November 2016 6:08pmthe other week there was a piece about the number of Londoners moving out to Birmingham. It wasn't labelled a brain drain though, so presumably they were all thicko's going in that direction;)What do you think – have you made the move? Would you? If you aren’t from the UK, have you noticed a similar debate about so-called “brain drain” to or from the capital? And on that “no publicity is bad publicity” point raised by another reader below:   feliciafarrel 25 November 2016 2:59pmIs there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?During the election campaign, because of the huge animosity to Hillary (and Obama) it was probably true that all publicity was good publicity for Trump. That's not going to be the case once he takes office. Unfortunately I think he knows it, and already he is moderating his tone and output.   kizbot 25 November 2016 2:56pmThere is no such thing as bad publicity in many ways... look at all the sleb careers built on it... Trump obviously thinks being Prez is a bit like being a Kardashian or Paris Hilton... A couple of your comments on Trump vs the media, now:   Tystnaden 25 November 2016 2:20pmWhatever he's selling, the media are buying.Corruption within the Trump foundation? Nah, let's report on Pence getting booed at Hamilton instead, because, you know, clicks. Trump's long history of corruption and dodgy dealing? Nah, let's report disproportionately on Hillary's non-scandal and treat Trump like a joke. The media did as much as anybody to elect Trump during this election.   KTBFFH 25 November 2016 2:49pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politicsWith regard to this quoted passage above the line, it mirrors similar claims made about many of those who voted Brexit or Trump. The thing is that I still haven't heard an explanation of those reasons that makes sense beyond the obvious ones. Seeking to excuse or explain away the fact that millions of people have used their democratic choices in what by all ordinary measures are illogical and inexplicable ways may simply be ignoring a plain truth that those people decided that giving vent to their racism and xenophobia was worth the economic/social risk. The headline on my piece on the relationship between Donald Trump and the “mainstream media” crystalised everything I had been trying to say. Trump v the media: did his tactics mortally wound the fourth estate? Read moreOvernight, the president-elect had released a two-minute video direct to camera on YouTube setting out his plans for his first 100 days. It was classic Trump – using the power of social media to bypass TV news and press outlets entirely and speak directly to the American people. What he’s doing is to cut out the role of the media as a filter that stands between a president and the public, and by doing so he is raising a serious threat to many of the values that media outlets hold dear: truth, fact and fairness to name but three.  Photograph: Don Emmert/AFP/Getty Images Is there no such thing as bad publicity for Trump?   imperium3 25 November 2016 2:15pmRegarding Trump, I think his entire philosophy is based on the old saw "There is no such thing as bad publicity." He does not mind upsetting people, in fact by this point he seems to be doing it deliberately. Because when everyone's talking about the latest thing he came out with, or the latest group he offended, they are still talking about Donald Trump. A view from Anna Leach, who works on the Guardian’s Global Development network. After the shocking (and some might say foolish) results of election this year in the US and UK, can developed nations continue to take a superior view over the political injustices of the world? Electing a self-evident misogynist as leader of the “free” world shows that sexism is alive and well all over. And although the contexts are different, we can find strength from working together. Donald Trump is a vile misogynist - but he's not the only one | Jonathan Freedland Read moreHow can feminist activists in China inspire women in Germany? What can Russian women teach us about fighting the state for human rights? How can college students in Bangladesh and the US support each other to stop sexual harassment?  Photograph: Albin Lohr-Jone/Pacific/BarcroftIn times of crisis, solidarity between those who face discrimination can help us fight back against the forces we don’t agree with. We’ll be covering the global struggle on our women and girls series.  A few of you have been responding to our colleague Martn Belam’s thoughts below on Donald Trump’s “dead cat strategy”.   MrWaterproof 25 November 2016 1:44pmIs Trump's tweeting part of a dead cat strategy. Do you mean the one he wears on his head? Donald Trump’s Thanksgiving message: ‘Tensions just don’t heal overnight’   Robert Jenkins 25 November 2016 1:47pmI think that trumps mo is pretty clear now: make any process appear as chaotic as possible and leak names that are wildly inappropriate then when the picks are merely terrible people will think it's not as bad as it could of been.We saw it play out constantly in the campaign but most clearly in the debates where objectively trump performed awfully but the expectations were so low that it was considered a win for him to even turn up.Government on those terms will wear thin very quickly   vagues 25 November 2016 1:53pmI like the dead cat analogy. Perhaps that was why people voted for him... to hide something even more sinister. Before we move on to talk a bit more about some of the other stories that have got you talking this week, a couple more views on the Brexit questions raised by Anne Perkins (see 12:05).   bopo07 25 November 2016 1:32pmUntil people who voted remain at least try to acknowledge that some of the British population may have a valid reason for voting to leave the EU, we're never going to get back to more progressive politics. The people who may have voted Labour in the past, and therefore, the ones who offer the number of votes you need, feel that globalisation has not worked for them or their communities. Now, either try to understand this and move forward, and be ready for when the opportunity - inevitably - arises, or you can just carry on blaming Brexit for everything, calling people stupid rascists and never regain political power. "It's simple, stupid."   bitterengine 25 November 2016 1:21pmI think because the level of debate before the referendum was so poor and full of lies and emotion, that people have been left quite bitter. We didn't even come closer to the question "Would Britain be better off outside the EU?" We had a vote on it but our understanding is no better than a year a go. I feel like every day I am waking up, and finding myself working out how I am going to explain to people in our morning @GuardianNews round-up what Donald Trump was tweeting about last night.Guardian news (@guardiannews)2️⃣ We regret to inform you that the president-elect of the US has been tweeting again https://t.co/LsxUfLwojl pic.twitter.com/trdT6sdqWhNovember 22, 2016It seems completely unprecedented to have the president-elect of the US telling us that the cast of a play have been rude to his VP-to-be, or that the New York Times is failing, or that he’s thinking about appointing this person or that person to a role.It also gives us a question as journalists. Does he do it as part of a “dead cat strategy” - where you throw a dead cat on the table to distract from something else? Another thought from a reader on that Brexit question:   Johanni 25 November 2016 1:04pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes - primarily because we haven't Brexited yet! Colleagues in our US office invite you to share your thoughts after what many feared would be a fraught atmosphere at the dinner table on Thanksgiving – in this open threadOpen thread: was your Thanksgiving fraught with election arguments? Read more Whatever your opinion, Brexit is not going away (or perhaps even coming) any time soon – and, in line with that picture of former prime minister David Cameron, the most commented piece on the Guardian today is this on John Major’s recent comments:John Major: case for second Brexit referendum is credible Read more Readers are sharing their views in response to Anne Perkins’ question below – share yours in the comments or click the links to get involved in the conversation   Fwaffy 25 November 2016 12:02pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everythingIt may be true that reasoned and nuance discussions are few and far between these days, and that people will lash out at a target that best suits whatever opinions they already hold. I think there's been a surge of this kind of reciprocal shouting because of the recent furore and hyperbole around the referendum campaign, which politicised a large group of people who previously had little interest in the system. In other words I blame Brexit.   PacoReidy 25 November 2016 12:10pm"Are we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?""We"? Five months on, there's no evidence of great popular opposition to leaving the EU. The Lib Dems are the only major party in Eng and Wales opposing Brexit and their poll ratings are stuck in single figures.  David Cameron in 2005. Remember him? Photograph: Scott Barbour/Getty Images   apodictic 25 November 2016 12:17pmIt seems to me that Cameron, Osborne, May et al are to blame. There was no need for a referendum. It was reckless, it was political vanity, it was irresponsible and without a contingency plan they are negligent. And Labour are to blame for (still) not providing a credible opposition and alternative narrative. Brexit voters are to blame for being gullible and fantasists.   imperium3 25 November 2016 12:08pmAre we too quick to blame Brexit for everything?Yes. In fairness it's not a new trend - newspapers are always keen to blame long term economic trends on the most recent event.The same bad news stories which are currently all being blamed on Brexit, would have all been blamed on Conservative government policies before the referendum, and before 2010 they would have all been blamed on the global financial crisis. Simple narratives are seductive, but usually wrong. The autumn statement was astonishing. Nothing for the so-called Jams, the families who are just managing. And, maybe even more shocking, nothing at all for the NHS or, more specifically, for councils so they can afford to provide social care for older and vulnerable people – even though it is the biggest single cause of the NHS crisis. Eight charts to help you understand the autumn statement Read moreBut just when it seemed things couldn’t be worse, along came the Institute for Fiscal Studies’ analysis of what the numbers mean for real people. The single most striking conclusion was that by 2021, for most families pay would only just be back at pre-2008 levels.Meanwhile the same crew that rubbished the judges for doing their job of adjudicating on a legal row – also known as judging – was back on the airwaves yesterday heaping scorn on the IFS for doing its job of studying budgets and mapping their consequences. There are some senior politicians who are beginning to sound like the Tories’ Breitbart wing. Or do you think they have a point? Are those of us who voted remain too quick to blame Brexit for everything (after all, the other EU economies are not exactly booming)? And is it legitimate for the 48% to keep fighting for what we believe in, or does there come a point when we have to get on and live with it? Hello everyone. We’re looking forward to starting our weekly social, where we gather with readers to discuss the week’s top stories. We will have lots of expert comment and views from journalists above the line. If you want to talk about anything specific, however, let us know in the comments or by emailing: sarah.marsh@theguardian.com
